IT Manager

Raleigh, NC

Responsible Network Technician with comprehensive experience scheduling conversions. Extensive experience monitoring, tracking, and evaluating global IT infrastructure incident

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

IT Manager
Trade it -
Raleigh, NC

September 2014 to October 2017

Job description when i was working with Trade it. 
Repairing and fixing all computer systems that came through the door. 
Making sure all the hard wares and software work good. IF they was not i had to replace the parts. 
I had to keep their mainframe, data base and severs up to date and running, keep the Employers systems connected to the server and data base at all times. i also did a lot of desk side support. three days out of the week i had to do it remotely.

Owner
paigecomputer

1989 to 2017

•Database design •Data backup and retrieval •Excellent problem-solving abilities •Product templates •Website and portal monitoring •Brand development •Data privacy applications •Technical specifications creation •Network maintenance - •Network upgrades •System upgrades • Remote access technology •System backups •Excellent communication skills 
•IP Forwarding proficient •Excellent diagnostic skills •Refined system debugging skills •Great multitasking skills 
•Website maintenance •Fixing and Trouble shooting Family and friends computers remotely  
•Cloud Computer Technology

Call Center Agent
Interactive Response Tech Inc -
Lauderdale Lakes, FL

February 2009 to December 2013

33319.

Owner
Paigecomputers -
Fort Lauderdale, FL

2004 to 2009

computer, serve, Data base and software maintenance. 
 
I had my own computer business name Paigecomputer. from 2004 to 2009. where i did everything from building, networking, trouble shooting, desk side support, remote access and repairing, computer and software diagnostic i am very good at computer and software Forensic and diagnostic. i work fix/repair phone, computers, video games. 
I know and understand that Technology change every six months so i am always trying to look for the newest thing and see how they work and why they work. I did plenty of break fix work. and side desk supports over 25 years of it.

Marketing, computer, serve, Data base and software maintenance.
Paige Auto Body -
Fort Lauderdale, FL

1989 to 2004

Marketing, computer, serve, Data base and software maintenance.
Education

Computer science associate degrees. in Computer Science
UNC-Chapel Hill NC Chapel Hill, NC

2010 to 2012

A+ Certification, In information technology in information technology
Keiser Univ Fort Lauderdale, FL

2008
Skills
MAINTENANCE (10+ years), REMOTE ACCESS (10+ years), BACKUPS (10+ years), DATA BACKUP (10+ years), DATABASE (10+ years)
Certifications/Licenses

Computer science associate degrees

2010 to 2012
Additional Information

Skills 
 
•Database design •Data backup and retrieval •Excellent problem-solving abilities •Product templates •Website and portal monitoring •Brand development •Data privacy applications •Technical specifications creation •Network maintenance - •Network upgrades •System upgrades • Remote access technology •System backups •Excellent communication skills 
•IP Forwarding proficient •Excellent diagnostic skills •Refined system debugging skills •Great multitasking skills 
•Website maintenance •Fixing and Trouble shooting Family and friends computers remotely 
•Cloud Computer Technology