Director, Medicine Service Line
Director, Medicine Service Line

Canonsburg, PA

Experienced management professional with over 9 years of health-care industry of which I have six years of operational design and development of processes, physician contracts, legal, acquisitions, personnel management, clinical operations, budgets, quality & compliance, Health Policy, SOP and development of SLA. Demonstrated ability to create and lead teams to achieve top performance in an evolving marketplace.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Director, Medicine Service Line
Allegheny Health Network - Department of Medicine

July 2015 to June 2017

The Department of Medicine comprises of 12 different specialty divisions, and I am responsible to manage complex programs, projects, clinical operations, revenue cycle, budgeting while leading and ensuring training coaching for the managers. Promoted 3 times in 13months 
I directly and indirectly manage 125 staff and assist with clinical SOP, strategic business plans, Focus 5 for the department, physician contracts, physician recruitment, acquisitions and physician payroll for over 180 physicians within the department. 
One of my roles is interaction and building relationship with physician leads with a focus on strategic growth, revenue cycle, physician score cards and financial management also customer satisfaction, operational efficiencies and quality improvement. 
A strong background in operations, EMR systems and workflows has helped me make continuous improvements for efficiency and cost savings in few of the largest clinical specialty groups like Gastroenterology, Dermatology, Pulmonary & Critical Care and Hospitalist. 
Independently managed construction moves for GI clinic, Integrative medicine program and working on a large state of the art Autoimmunity Institute.

Business Operations Manager Assistant to Administrator, Ambulatory Surgery Center
Tri-State Surgery Center LLC

December 2014 to July 2015

I independently managed day to day business operations at the center, which included but not limited to vendor management; HR and billing. Lead the submission for AAAHC certification for the center and DOH clearance.

Director of Operations
University of Pittsburgh Medical Center

March 2013 to December 2014

Manage clinical operations for 9 outpatient physician practices with over 30 staff members, 100 physicians and residents. 
● Work with Sr. leadership, Medical Directors on specific projects on planning, implementation of pathways to improve quality of care, customer satisfaction and clinical efficiency. 
● Lead an EMR/ Outcomes committee meeting with physicians and residents to improve overall outpatient and inpatient clinical processes to maintain compliance, consistency and accuracy in our care. 
● Active committee member for the Health Policy Journal and participate the forum with physicians, residents and fellows. 
● Manage and change the clinical work-flow to assist physicians meets Meaningful Use Metrics and guidelines. Also assist the Medical Director to pick the quality measures for the department. 
● Work with physician leads on clinical processes, policies, and quality improvement and employee engagement. 
● Manage clinical and administrative work-flows for efficiency and accuracy for better outcomes. 
● Ensure compliance by creating spot audits and monthly auditing process, staff and physician trainings and weekly site visits. 
● Provide direction and guidance on staffing needs, HR issues, budgeting and process flows to assist managers to meet overall department goals. 
● I have experience working on grants and currently manage operations and clinic budgets for two of the clinics which are grant funded.

Director
University of Pittsburgh Medical Center

February 2008 to December 2014

Operations Manager
University of Pittsburgh Medical Center

March 2011 to March 2013

Handled hiring of Hospitalist, Physicians and full time staff member for DGIM. 
● Supervised the processing of faculty and fellow appointment. And I made sure they obtain appropriate hospital and medical credentialing. 
● Responsible for handling new hire physician contracts, malpractice and renewals of the contracts (new and current). 
● Coordinate physician billing with the UPP billing coordinator, to help streamline billing process. 
● Act as a liaison for hospital based services; and assisted while we were applying Grade III NCQA for our clinic. 
● Responsible for ensuing coverage, managing recruitment, training and performance management. 
● Tracked and maintained compliance with internal policies and external regulators such as HIPPA and OSHA 
● Work on special Quality projects -monitoring on Cognos inpatient LOS, readmission; I was also the super user for Crimson, tracking of ED visits report from the Health Plan; working on our website with my Chief, refugee clinic, PCI census and as and when requested by my administrator. 
● Assisted with development of policy and procedures for the different areas within the division. 
● Coordinated processing of Visa for new faculty both UPP and Pitt for the division. 
● Oversee compliance and training activity of faculty to assure completion. 
● Managed the expenses for the division and double checked the report before it reaches the administrator for signatures. With this new process I have helped save 5% cost for the division. 
● Attended meetings and act as the Administrator and problem solver in absence of the Division Administrator. 
● Oversaw the schedules and hours worked by the Hospitalist, process supplemental payments and monitor their hours to comply with their contract. 
● Assisted accountants with analyzing budget problems and completing annual budget.

Manager, Academic and Administrative Operations
University of Pittsburgh Medical Center

October 2009 to March 2011

Employment Specialist - UPMC Physician Services Division
University of Pittsburgh Medical Center

February 2008 to July 2009

UPMC Work source temporary assignments July 2007 - February 2008

HR Internship
Marc USA Human Resources

January 2007 to May 2007

Sales and Marketing Executive
Taj Group of Hotels & Resorts

November 2004 to January 2006
Education

Bachelor of Science in Human Resources Management in Human Resources Management
Point Park University Pittsburgh, PA

August 2007

Bachelor of Commerce in Market Research
Maharaja Sayajirao University

April 2000
Certifications/Licenses

PMI - PMP Boot Camp

I have successfully completed the PMP prep boot camp Dec 2017.
Additional Information

• Strong project management skills 
• Leadership, goal setting and conflict resolution 
• Operational assessment and optimization 
• Problem solving ability 
• Proficiency with SQL, MS Excel, data analysis 
• Successful completion of PMP boot camp 
 
• Responsible for EMR optimization through planning, deployment and training 
• Successful roll out of IT systems (EPIC, Qgenda) 
• Quality driven approach 
• Connect and relate to ethnically diverse backgrounds and populations.