Accounting Intern
Accounting Intern - Mejia Accountancy

Hacienda Heights, CA

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Accounting Intern
Mejia Accountancy -
Hacienda Heights, CA

June 2013 to Present

• Performed various clerical duties, including data input via Excel. 
• Reviewed, drafted, and compiled correspondence to various tax authorities. 
• Researched tax and accounting regulations in the Internal Revenue Code and prepared summary briefs. 
• Assisted in maintaining client information and generated yearly/quarterly reports in management software (CCH). 
• Aided in bookkeeping with an emphasis on performing bank reconciliations. 
• Reviewed and managed client outstanding balances for small claims action.

Senior Tutor
Genius Prep Tutoring -
New York, NY

January 2017 to August 2017

• Assisted private school students in Honors and AP Level courses. 
• Accommodated students with special needs. 
• Instructed upper class students in SAT/ACT prep in both math and writing.

Philanthropy Chair, Sigma, Supreme Council
Mejia Accountancy

February 2014 to May 2017

• Coordinated events to fundraise for various organizations, such as New York Dance Marathon. 
• Compiled fraternity documents into one easy and accessible database. 
• Conducted judicial review hearings to solve internal affairs within the fraternity.

Assistant
Apollo Construction

May 2016 to September 2016

Assistant Water Polo Coach, Assistant Swim Coach
Conqueror Water Polo Club

January 2011 to June 2013

• Mentored and helped youth teams practice and understand the game. 
• Led additional 4 a.m. practices to prepare older athletes for Junior Olympics.
Education

Bachelor's in Economics
New York University College of Arts and Science New York, NY

May 2017
Los Altos High School Hacienda Heights, CA

June 2013
Skills
ACCOUNTING (4 years), EXCEL (4 years), MICROSOFT OFFICE, MS OFFICE, POWERPOINT
Additional Information

Skills: Conversational in Spanish, Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint), Adept in Social Media platforms, Proficient in 
Accounting Software such as ACS and Practice Management (with an emphasis on reports writing).