Doctor
Doctor - Podiatry Center of New Jersey

Clifton, NJ

To obtain a challenging and responsible position as a Medical Assistant with a progressive organization in which my experience, education and skills will add value.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Doctor
Podiatry Center of New Jersey

February 2017 to Present

02/17 - Present. 
Greet patients, Register patients according to established protocols, Assist patients to complete all necessary forms and documentation including medical insurance, Ensure patient information is accurate including billing information, Inform patients of medical office procedures and policy, Maintain and manage patient records, Move patients through appointments as scheduled, Answer incoming calls and deal with inquiries, schedule patient appointments, Collect co-pays and payments, Obtain external medical reports as required by medical professionals, Respond and comply to requests for information, Deal with incoming and outgoing post, Complete other clerical duties as assigned, Maintain stock of forms and office supplies, Ensure reception area is well maintained, neat and clean, Safeguard patient privacy and confidentiality, Other office duties assigned per Doctor

Welcomes patients and visitors in person and on the telephone
North Jersey Orthopedics Specialists P.A

February 2015 to February 2017

answering or referring inquiries. Optimizes patients satisfaction, provider time, and treatment room utilization by scheduling appointments in person or by telephone. Keeps patient appointments on schedule by notifying provider of patient's arrival; reviewing service delivery compared to schedule; reminding provider of service delays. Comforts patients by anticipating their anxieties; answering patients questions; maintaining the reception area. Ensures availability of treatment information by filing and retrieving patient records. Maintains patient accounts by obtaining, recording, and updating personal and financial information. Helps patients in distress by responding to emergencies. Protects patients rights by maintaining confidentiality of personal and financial information. Maintains operations by following policies and procedures; reporting needed changes. Contributes to team efforts by accomplishing related results as needed. 
 
Santillana Family Dentistry Clifton, NJ {Family-owned business} Volunteer 
Front Desk Attendant: Answering phones, scheduling patient appointments. Sterilize dental instruments in Autoclave. Prepare inventory forms. Maintained patient rooms for cleanliness.
Education

Clinical Internship
Lincoln Technical Institute Paramus, NJ

July 2014

Associates Degree in Information Technology
Bergen Community College Paramus NJ

May 2005

Assistant to Physical Therapist
Northern Jersey Pain and Rehab Center Paramus, NJ
Additional Information

Strong Customer Service Skills ~ Perfect Attendance ~ Computer Savvy ~ Diligent ~ Team Player