Doctor

Falls Church, VA

Sensitive and dedicated Homoeopathy Doctor with an excellent record of providing patient 
comfort and satisfaction. Strongly active in the community working to increase awareness of 
homoeopathic medical options. Core Qualification and exceptional knowledge of 
homoeopathic principles. Strong experience in providing patient assistance, profound 
therapeutic and clinical knowledge. Outstanding ability to maintain compliance with infection 
control standards. High ability to communicate effectively with patients. Excellent ability to 
evaluate symptoms in context of patient history, diagnosis and treatment. Superior 
knowledge of diseases and appropriate homeopathic remedies. Good ability to develop strong 
patient-doctor relationships.
Work Experience

Doctor
Homoeopathy Doctor for State Uttarakhand Government

April 2009 to Present

Uttarakhand Government － Uttarakhand, India 
Carefully analyzed test results and information gathered during examinations to properly diagnose illnesses and diseases. 
Regularly referred patients to medical specialists or other practitioners for more 
specialized courses of treatment. 
Closely examined patients' medical history, medication allergies, physical condition and test results to verify necessity of operations and to determine proper procedures. 
Thoroughly assessed patients to determine medical condition and level of surgical risk. 
 
Developed patient care plans, including assessments, evaluations, and nursing 
diagnoses. 
Assisted patients with multiple chronic diagnoses, including COPD and asthma. 
Provided advice and assistance to patients with regard to diet exercise and other 
homeopathic factors. 
Maintained detailed records of patient medical histories. 
Provided referrals to other practitioners if required.

Medical Officer
Vipul MedCorp Pvt -
New Delhi, Delhi

June 2008 to April 2011

New Delhi, India 
Processing of Medical Claims 
Medical assessment/verification under various Policies 
Medical assessment of claims, bills, verification and scrutinization against standard 
tariff 
Acting as a first line of escalation for customer related queries in order to provide 
exceptional customer service

Executive Electronic Organizer
Globerian India Pvt. Ltd -
New Delhi, Delhi

April 2007 to January 2008

New Delhi, India 
Organisation of Medical Records 
Indexing of Medical Records along with Computing, recording, and proofreading data, 
records and reports. 
Recorded and filed patient data and medical records. Carefully reviewed medical 
records for accuracy and completion as required by insurance companies. 
Interpreted medical reports to apply appropriate ICD-9, CPT-4 and HCPCS codes. 
Prepared and attached all required claims documentation including referrals, 
treatment plans or other required correspondence to reduce incidence of denials. 
Performed full-cycle medical billing in a fast-paced medical billing company.
Education

Diploma in Health insurance
Indian Institute of insurance － New Delhi New Delhi, Delhi

2014

MBA
Sikkim Manipal University New Delhi, Delhi

2012

Bachelor of Science in Homoeopathic Medicine and Surgery
Guru Gobind Singh University New Delhi, Delhi

2007
Homeopathic Medical College and Hospital
Additional Information

Skill Highlights 
Qualified patient educator Healthcare billing proficiency 
Quality assurance awareness Extensive medical terminology 
Empathetic and courteous knowledge 
Professional demeanor Practiced inpatient and outpatient 
High ethical standards caregiver 
Medical coding capability 
Claims analysis and review specialist 
In-depth claims knowledge 
 
Skills 
MS Word 
Excel 
Outlook