Restaurant & Inn General Manager
Restaurant & Inn General Manager

Manahawkin, NJ

Seasoned manager with extensive customer service, banquet and culinary-related experience, with 
ability to oversee all aspects of front of house management operations. Adept at administering POS 
and OpenTable reservation/table management systems, while leading a team to deliver high quality 
guest experiences.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Restaurant & Inn General Manager
The Gables Historic Restaurant & Inn -
Beach Haven, NJ

May 2011 to December 2017

Carefully interviewed, selected, trained and supervised staff. 
Oversaw front of house personnel to maintain adequate staffing for dining and private banquets. 
Led and directed team members on effective methods, operations and procedures. 
Effectively managed payroll and timekeeping, including completion of the proper paperwork for new 
hires and terminations. 
Clearly and promptly communicated pertinent information to staff, such as large reservations or last 
minute menu changes. 
Marketed, contracted and coordinated private events in the restaurant, including showers, rehearsal 
dinners, wedding ceremonies/receptions for 40-140 guests. 
Implemented and administered all IT related systems: POS, VOIP phone system, OpenTable for dining 
reservations/table management, Superinn for lodging reservations. 
Promoted the business through participation in community events and Chamber of Commerce. 
Ran all monthly reports and provided analysis of data regarding increases in sales, covers, average check. 
Acted as liaison between culinary staff, front of house, and owners. 
Actively participated in menu planning with Executive Chef and Sous Chef for restaurant and banquet 
menus. 
Maintained library of menus for Executive Chef.

Nonprofit Development Director
Surflight Theatre -
Beach Haven, NJ

August 2001 to October 2008

Implemented and managed all fundraising activities for 450-seat seasonal theater as first development 
full-time staff member. 
Successfully identified, qualified, cultivated, solicited and stewarded donors/grantors. 
Researched all available grant opportunities. Completed all grant applications and required reporting for government and corporate and private funding. 
Implemented efficient grants management to ensure all aspects of individual gifts and corporate or foundation grants were met and the expenses accounted for and that all gifts were in compliance. 
Assisted in Board of Trustees development and training. 
Implemented and maintained fundraising database, using eTapestry. Produced reports for the Executive 
Director and the Board of Directors. 
Executed successful special events to generate additional unearned income. 
Became the "face of Surflight" within the local business community through participation in various 
events, trade shows and organization meetings.
Education

Certificate in Nonprofit Arts Management
Marymount Manhattan College New York, NY

1999 to 2000

PhD Progam in Near Eastern Languages & Civilizations
The University of Chicago Chicago, IL

September 1984 to May 1987

BA in Near Eastern Languages & Literature
New York University New York, NY

September 1980 to May 1984
Additional Information

SKILLS 
Strong work ethic Critical thinking/data analysis 
Passion for customer satisfaction Attention to detail 
Service-oriented Dynamic, friendly hostess 
Natural leader Staff scheduling