Preschool Teacher
Preschool Teacher - Preschool Teacher / Rowe's Childcare

Fayetteville, NC

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Preschool Teacher
Preschool Teacher / Rowe's Childcare -
Fayetteville, NC

July 2017 to Present

As a teacher, I supervise children assigned to my classroom. I also speak with parents and/or guardians about children's social and academic development. Additionally, I am responsible for ensuring that meals are provided to children and are planned according to individual needs of the child. I also make sure that children are always engaged when completing activities.

Afterschool Teacher / Heavenly Haven
Fayetteville, NC

August 2016 to July 2017

As a teacher, I supervised children assigned to my classroom. I established working relationships with parents and guardians so that I was able to provide timely updates on children's social and academic development. Additionally, I was responsible for ensuring that meals were provided to children and planned according to individual needs of the child. I also made sure that children were engaged when completing activities. I resigned from this location due to the fact that I was offered an increase in wages.

Customer Service Associate / Once Upon a Child
Fayetteville, NC

January 2016 to August 2016

As a customer service associate, I was responsible for ensuring the cleanliness of the sales floor and making certain that merchandise was neat and orderly. I provided assistance to customers from the initial point of the sell to the end. I also worked closely with consigners by making sure that they were compensated appropriately for their merchandise. I served as a mentor for newly hired customer service associates and developed great relationships with managers. I resigned from this location due to the fact that I needed additional working experience in a childcare setting for academic purposes.

Cashier
Lowes' Foods -
Cape Carteret, NC

May 2011 to May 2013

As a cashier, I was responsible for ensuring the cleanliness of the sales floor and making certain that grocery items were neat and orderly. I provided assistance to customers from the initial point of the sell to the end. I completed all sale transactions (i.e. credit, cash, check, EBT) and processed returns. I also worked closely with consumers to resolve issues related to pricing and other store related issues. I served as a mentor for newly hired cashiers and developed great relationships with managers. I resigned from this location due to the fact that I left for college.
Education

Bachelor of Arts
Sociology / Fayetteville State University Fayetteville, NC

May 2018
Skills
CUSTOMER SERVICE (Less than 1 year), RECEPTIONIST (Less than 1 year), RETAIL SALES (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information

Skills 
• Communicate effectively in school and in the workplace 
• Maintained consistent employment since 2011 
 
• Experience working with individuals of diverse backgrounds 
• Received recognition for efficiency and excellence in customer service during employment