Full-Charge Bookkeper
Payroll / Bookkeeper

Fresno, CA

Seeking a challenging Bookkeeping / Office Management position.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Full-Charge Bookkeper
O.Ray Sheets Accountancy Corpoation -
Fresno, CA

April 2015 to May 2016

Maintain employee files: calculate payroll: hourly an salary, 401(k), garnishments and payroll taxes: semi-weekly, quarterly and annual. Bank an Charge Car Reconciliation. Accounts Payable an maintenance of office, supplies and files.

Payroll / Bookkeeper
Lewis C. Nelson and Sons -
Selma, CA

2004 to 2012

Maintain employee files and time sheets; calculate payroll and taxes; and prepare invoices. Complete insurance forms for injured employee and correspond with insurance agency and medical facility. Attend safety meetings and keep minutes on file. Record and file weekly vehicle mileage and service reports. Compose and distribute memos concerning delinquent reports. Correspond and follow-through with various agencies including Unions, OSHA, EDD, and garnishing agency.

Office Manager
Westmark Financial Group -
Fresno, CA

1998 to 2004

Established new administrative office for organization; answered multiple phone lines for 4 businesses, arrange appointments, ordered medical exams, ran insurance illustrations, assigned agents and underwriter. Organize and maintained office files for 3 separate businesses. 
 
Create an implemented detailed progress reports on 3 businesses, which resulted in better tracking and improved productivity. Maintained business correspondence; trained new agents on insurance software as well as processing procedures. Maintained computers monthly updates to software; Completed Bulk mail processing and tracking of Mortgage leads.

Office Manager
Kenjo Audio -
Fresno, CA

1992 to 1998

Carefully monitored detailed transactions with vendors; maintained inventory control; prepare invoices and customer billings; assisted with the ordering and purchasing procedures; insured proper maintenance of products. 
 
Accounts Receivable / Bookkeeper 
Administered daily operations of all accounting procedures; compiled bank deposits; reconciled bank statements; and utilized Peachtree and QuickBooks accounting software. 
 
Project Manager 
Promoted sales and insured customer satisfaction; supervised staff, coordinated work schedules; prioritized projects for on time completion; monitored project details and quality assurance issues. Implemented database software to track projects, which resulted in improved customer service.

Office Manager / Bookkeeper
Chukchansi Tribal Office -
Coarsegold, CA

1990 to 1992

Established new administrative office for organization; performed A/R and A/P procedures; assisted with grant writing; answered telephones; and maintained business correspondence. 
 
References 
References are available on request.
Education

Certificate in Computerized Accounting
MCed Microcomputer Education Fresno, CA

1992 to 1992

Liberal Arts
Fresno City College Fresno, CA

1972 to 1974
Additional Information

Highlights of Qualifications 
• Over 20+ years bookkeeping and office management experience 
• Responsible and reliable; self-motivated and organized 
• Detail oriented; effective project management skills 
• Strong leadership abilities; able to effectively coordinate staff activities 
• Attentive to staff satisfactions and quality assurance issues 
• Strong ability to learn and apply new concepts and ideas 
 
Professional Skills 
 
• Computer / Manual Accounting Inventory Control 
• Microsoft Word 2010 Project Management 
• Microsoft Excel 2010 Purchasing 
• Microsoft Windows 2010 Staff Supervision 
• QuickBooks 2012 Accounts Receivable 
• Viewpoint Accounting Software Accounts Payable 
• BidTek Accounting Software Internet 
 
• Peachtree Accounting Microsoft Outlook 2010 
• Payroll Mortgage Leads 
• Bank Reconciliation Insurance Illustrations 
• Invoicing Bulk Mail 
• Quarterly Reports Accurate typing, data entry, 10-key 
• Month End Statements