Restaurant Server

Croydon, PA

I am currently looking for a full-time position with daytime hours and diversified duties in an environment that offers a personal challenge, increased benefits for my family, and the opportunity to help the company advance efficiently and productively.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Restaurant Server
Georgine's Jr. Restaurant -
Levittown, PA

January 2017 to December 2017

Levittown, PA 1/2017-12/2017 
Cafeteria and Homestyle Take-out ~ Maintained extraordinary standard of customer service in a high-volume, fast-paced environment. Trained to work all stations and became proficient in each shift duty. Qualified to serve as acting assistant manager when needed. Responsible for opening or closing restaurant; cleaning and sanitizing work stations and equipment; and relieving cashier as required. Also experienced in preparation of made-to-order sandwiches to accommodate customer's dietary needs in the deli section. Proficient at using commercial appliances such as grill and fryers and to serve cooked food in hot-line. Able to communicate clearly and positively with all - coworkers, management and customers - enjoying the many regular customers that arrived daily.

Professional Residential and Commercial Cleaner
OCD Cleaning -
Wilmington, NC

August 2012 to December 2016

dust/sanitize rooms top to bottom, scrub bathrooms and kitchens, squeegee mirrors/windows/glass doors, wipe baseboards, dust cobwebs, clean ceiling fans and light fixtures, sweep/vacuum/mop floors.

Professional House Cleaner
Wilmington, NC

June 2012 to May 2013

dust/sanitize rooms top to bottom, scrub bathrooms and kitchens, squeegee mirrors/windows/glass doors, wipe baseboards, dust cobwebs, clean ceiling fans and light fixtures, sweep/vacuum/mop floors.

Housekeeper
Hampton Inn -
Wilmington, NC

December 2011 to March 2012

Extensive knowledge of housekeeping and cleanliness standards pertaining to the hotel industry. Responsible for stripping dirty linen, removing trash, cleaning room thoroughly in a timely manner, checking all appliances in the room and making sure they are in working order and guest satisfaction.

Cashier
Clyde's Home Supplies, Inc -
Upper Darby, PA

September 2006 to August 2011

Responsibilities included answering phones, working and settling the cash register, stocking shelves and extensive customer service. Also responsible for tracking inventory, assisting in re-ordering stock, and cleaning work area.

Banquet Server
Clyde's Home Supplies, Inc -
Malvern, PA

June 2008 to December 2010

Responsible for all aspects of food service procedures including setting up room, serving multiple courses to various table assignments, busing tables and cleaning work areas. 
 
Personal and business references available on request
Education
Upper Darby High School Drexel Hill, PA

2003 to 2007
Skills
Customer Service Skills (10+ years)
Additional Information

Detail oriented, strong communication and interpersonal skills with excellent customer service ability. Proficient with computers, a strong ability to multi-task under pressure and can operate at a high level of efficiency. I am self-motivated, although I excel in a team atmosphere.