Restaurant Controller/Consultant
Restaurant Controller/Consultant - RESTAURANT GROUPS

Brooklyn, NY

Policy level, restaurant specific Controller offering over 25 years of diversified corporate, subsidiary and division accounting experience within the private and public food and beverage restaurant industry. Restaurant and manufacturing prototype build out experience. Outstanding record of leadership and achievement via the implementation of action plans, smart goals, team building, effective management and operational controls. 
 
Demonstrated Expertise 
Annual Financial Planning & Daily Cash Flow Position Reporting Prepare and complete GAAP daily/weekly/monthly journal entry templates Accurate & provable Financial Analysis of new restaurant ventures 
Prepare & substantiate timely industry standard investor financial statements with comparatives 
Strong Inventory analysis & recipe costing ability. Reconcile all accounts (cash, inventory, A/P, A/R, inter-company and loan accounts) 
 
Strong Interpersonal and Organizational skills 
 
Develop effective communication medians with Director of Operations, Exec Chef & Staff. 
Proficient with QuickBooks, Accpac, Real World, MS Office, FoodTrak, Foodco, Posi-Touch, Micros, Rest Mngr., Squirrel, Sicom Systems & other Accounting & POS programs 
 
Create custom analytical reports to monitor venue performance 
 
Create & implement attainable action plans to support & improve performance Bilingual (English & Spanish) Build and maintain excellent Banking Relationships & financial options
Work Experience

Restaurant Controller/Consultant
RESTAURANT GROUPS -
New York, NY

June 2010 to Present

Green Fig NYC, LLC (1 Hotel F&B varied venue & two out of state Restaurants) 
• Magnolia Bakery: (6 restaurants, 1 Commissary & 8 Franchisees), 
• Two Boots: (11 restaurants & 2 Licensees) 
• Caifoods, LLC (3 restaurants 1 BBQ Trailer & 4 Branded Kiosks) 
• Merchants Hospitality: (10 restaurant group) 
Services provided: 
✓ Hands on ability to execute the day to day activities of the accounting department. 
✓ Participated in the development and maintenance of the Accounting & HR departments to interact cohesively prudently, and efficiently. 
✓ Rigorously completed historical reclassification & balancing of company's bank reconciliations, A/R, A/P, inter-companies, & sales. 
✓ Revision of Chart of Accounts (where applicable). 
✓ Reorganized accounting staff & services to maintain efficiencies and a good moral. 
✓ Contributed to the resolution of internal issues. 
✓ Revised the management P&L format to focus on controllable line items by department. 
✓ Developed and implemented a full Accounting system, Point of Sale, and food & beverage variance (FoodTrak) system for venues with various profit centers in one or multiple corporations. 
✓ Participated with the Payroll system development and procedures. 
✓ Implemented the QuickBooks Enterprise Intuit Advanced payroll system service for a group of 10 restaurants & corporate location with a significant savings per annum, eliminating redundant weekly manual payroll journal entries, and consequently acquiring a robust in-house payroll report archive. 
✓ Timely closings of the books and records performed on a monthly basis. 
✓ Negotiated wiCompeat, FoodTrak, Cheftek & Foodco Food/Beverage variance programs to best control/maintain Food & Beverage/Labor costs by an estimated 3% to 6%. 
✓ Report to and work closely with upper management to accomplish the financial goals of the company.

Administrative Partner and Director of Finances
Quality Food Products, inc -
San Juan, PR

2007 to June 2010

• Developed a Dairy Distribution & Manufacturing facility 
✓ Procured all equipment, furniture & fixtures, and leasehold improvements to perform below local market margins. 
✓ Developed a business client base with the largest retailers in Puerto Rico (Wal-Mart, Sam's Club, & Costco)

Controller
GK Columbus Circle, LLC -
New York, NY

July 2005 to September 2007

Developed a fully integrated Accounting System with Cash Management, POS, Food & Beverage variance, and Time & Attendance interface to monitor, track, and improve operational performance. 
✓ Responsible for all timely and accurate financial reporting, cash management, and bookkeeping procedures for a $9 Million venue, contributed all the financial supporting documents and participated in investment meetings to successfully acquire funding to build a second restaurant

Controller
The Glazier Group -
New York, NY

December 2003 to May 2005

Responsible for all "timely and accurate" financial reporting, cash management, and bookkeeping procedures for a 7-unit Restaurant & Banquet facilities chain, with 650 employees and annual sales over $40 Million 
✓ Contributed to enhanced on-line real-time communication links among the restaurant's POS systems, the Banquet catering software and the Administrative office to improve data capturing capabilities.

Controller
McDonald's -
Huntington Station, NY

2001 to 2003

Responsible for all financial reporting, cash management, and bookkeeping procedures for a 14-unit restaurant chain, with 600 employees and annual sales of $24 Million. 
✓ Recovered over $100,000 of bank over charges by working closely with Bank representatives to review financial institution process/systems. 
✓ Lowering monthly bank fee charges for 30 accounts from $35,000 to $3,900.Lowered food cost by 2.0% of gross sales, by supporting Food Cost and Employee Scheduling procedures at the restaurant level.

Controller
Shark Bar Restaurants, Inc -
New York, NY

1997 to 2001

Prepared 10Q & 10K public company financial reports for review by CEO Complied with requirements for the SEC. Improved food and beverage yields which contributed to a 3% SOI increase. 
✓ Responsible for Accounting & IT functions for a small publicly held Multi -Restaurant Chain.

Owner Operator
HDP, Inc -
San Juan, PR

1989 to 1998

Awarded the exclusive rights to develop a National restaurant franchise in Puerto Rico. Opened, owned and operated four franchise restaurants. Employed 100 to 120 employees 
✓ Negotiated and procured all real estate, leasehold improvements, furniture, equipment, and construction contract bids. 
✓ Acquired permission from the Franchisor Corp. entity and expanded the menu to best fit the local market. These new menu items represented more than 70% of the entire franchise sales.

Owner Operator
Lord Jim's Restaurant -
New York, NY

1983 to 1988

Doubled weekly sales volume and sold the business at a high profit. Achieved by completely renovating the restaurant, creating and cultivating a successful theme and menu more conducive to the mid-town area. Other areas of responsibilities included marketing, budgeting, managing, and financial planning.
Education

business
Brooklyn College