Restaurant Manager
Restaurant Manager

Newport, RI

Enthusiastic and hard-working Restaurant Manager with the desire to deliver an exceptional dining experience. Focused on setting high expectations and raising service standards. Proven track record of improving revenue, reducing turnover, and increasing customer satisfaction.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Restaurant Manager
Laforge Casino Restaurant -
Newport, RI

October 2008 to June 2017

• Oversee employee work in front of the house to ensure compliance with company policies, regulation, and food safety guidelines. 
• Perform facility walk-throughs to assess cleanliness and preparedness at beginning and end of shift. 
• Complete restaurant opening and closing procedures and reconciling cash/charges at close of the day. 
• Responsible for employee schedules and time-off requests 
• Utilized the POS system and entered invoices in Quick Book system 
• Scheduled Private Function, reviewed menu and oversaw the function

Assistant Manager
Occupational Certificates

May 2017 to May 2017

05/2022 
TIP Certification

opening of restaurant and Manager
Ophelia Pasta House -
Venice, FL

July 2005 to 2008

Restaurant Manager
Smokehouse Café -
Newport, RI

1999 to 2005

• Responsible for the hiring and training of new staff and scheduling weekly shifts. 
• Responsible for the coding of all invoices and sent to corporate office. 
• Responsible for the ordering and inventory of all liquor.

Owner/Partner
Althea's Restaurant -
Venice, FL

1992 to 1998

• Responsible for hiring and on-boarding process that included but not limited to interviewing and training of staff 
• Ensured customers were satisfied with every part of the flooring experience, from initial greeting through order completion. 
• Responsible for organization and management of all front and back-of-house operations for mid-size restaurant.
Certifications/Licenses

ServSafe Alcoho Certicate and ServSave Managers Certification

May 2017 to Present