Restaurant Manager
Restaurant Manager - Denny's Restaurant

Cortez, CO

To obtain employment that will utilize my skills and training while providing an opportunity for advancement.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Restaurant Manager
Denny's Restaurant -
Cortez, CO

March 2017 to Present

Taking care of customers' needs, inventory, ordering products, managing labor and food cost, invoicing, counting money and making deposits, scheduling, maintenance, etc. 
Kitchen: keeping cooks on task, cooking, food safety, making sure food is out in a timely matter 
Front of house: customer satisfaction, keeping servers on task, making sure restaurant is clean and running smoothly

Substitute Teacher
Dove Creek HS/MS & Montezuma HS -
Dove Creek, CO

February 2012 to May 2017

MS 
425 N Main, Dove Creek, Co 81324 (970-677-2237) 
418 S Sligo St, Cortez, CO 8132 (970-565-3722) 
Substitute Teacher: K-12 
Instruct students individually and in groups, using various teaching methods, such as lectures, discussions, and demonstrations 
Attend staff meetings and serve on committees, as required. 
Establish clear objectives for all lessons, units, and projects. Communicate those objectives to students. 
Special education Para Professional 
Confer with parents or guardians, other teachers, counselors, and administrators to resolve students' behavioral and learning disability to determine priorities for their children and their resource needs. 
 
Meet with parents and guardians to discuss their children's progress. Prepare, administer, and grade tests and assignments to evaluate students' progress. Working with IEP, RTI, Behavioral planning, etc. 
Middle School Girls Basketball Coach 
Provide training direction, encouragement, motivation, and nutritional advice to prepare athletes for games, competitive events, or tours. 
Plan and direct physical conditioning programs that will enable athletes to achieve maximum performance. 
Evaluate athletes' skills and review performance records to determine their fitness and potential in a particular area of athletics. 
Counsel student athletes on academic, athletic, and personal issues. 
Monitor the academic eligibility of student athletes. 
Plan, organize, and conduct practice sessions. 
Explain and enforce safety rules and regulations.

Housekeeping
Dove Creek HS/MS & Montezuma HS -
Dove Creek, CO

September 2014 to March 2016

Sanitizing toys and all surfaces 
Laundry 
Kitchen, bathroom, baby room, floors, etc. 
Substitute teacher aide: 
Infants to preschoolers 
Arts and crafts 
Learning curriculum 
Music 
Development learning 
Social and environmental learning

Counter Part Sales
Wagner Equipment -
Durango, CO

September 2010 to May 2011

Caterpillar engines, heavy equipment, Agco. 
Customer service: taking orders over the phone and internet, 
Helping customers troubleshoot 
Working on multiple tasks at once. 
Warehouse work: pulling orders for customer's, building hoses, putting up merchandise.

Tech II
Stewart & Stevenson -
Farmington, NM

May 2007 to December 2008

505-325-5071 
Supervisor: Darren McKnight 
Overhaul F18/H24 Waukesha engines, ordering parts for overhaul & Safety Coordinator also conducted office work: billing, field and shop reports, etc.

Mechanic
SOS Staffing -
Farmington, NM

August 2006 to March 2007

Pump Jacks, Compressors and Engines also misc. shop and field work.
Education
School of Energy-San Juan College

August 2006 to April 2007
Skills
Customer service (Less than 1 year), food safety (Less than 1 year), invoicing (Less than 1 year), ordering (2 years), teaching (5 years)
Additional Information

Skills: 
Basic Computer Skills: Windows, Excel, Power Point, Graphing, Internet research, email, phone, ordering, trouble shooting, customer service, invoicing, multitasking, problem solving. 
 
Currently Certified in: 
Colorado Substitute Teaching License, Colorado Food Safety