Chef/Restaurant Owner/Manager
Chef/Restaurant Owner/Manager - Sweet Pea's Restaurant

Trumbull, CT

sweetpeasrestaurant.com ♦ Facebook Sweet Pea's Restaurant
Work Experience

Chef/Restaurant Owner/Manager
Sweet Pea's Restaurant -
Barkhamsted, CT

July 2003 to Present

This particular restaurant is in a historic Victorian colonial in a quaint New England town. 
To cater to the various groups of patrons we implemented a pub menu which included game selections in an attempt to diversify our offering.

Chef/Restaurant Owner/Manager
Sweet Pea's Restaurant -
Seymour, CT

December 2000 to July 2003

Sweet Pea's of Seymour was the half way point between Shelton and Southbury. 
♦ Carefully interviewed, selected, trained and supervised staff. 
♦ Organized special events in the restaurant, including receptions, promotions and corporate luncheons.

Owner
Country Tavern -
Southbury, CT

December 1996 to June 1999

The Country Tavern is a posh 200 plus seat country club restaurant which caters to upscale guests, retirees, golfers and weddings both intimate and expansive. 
Attention to detail was paramount.

Chef/ Restaurant Manager
Sweet Pea's Restaurant -
Shelton, CT

March 1988 to December 1996

After years of being in food service in addition to working as a corporate food consultant which lead me to multiple states both east and west coast it was time to take the next step and exhibit my talents by opening my first restaurant that catered to mostly CEO's doctors, attorneys etc.
Education

Bachelor of Science in Restaurant Management
Culinary Institute of America Hyde Park, NY

1975
University of New Haven West Haven, CT
Skills
FOOD SERVICE (8 years), BUDGETING (Less than 1 year), EXCEED (Less than 1 year), FINANCE (Less than 1 year), LIAISON (Less than 1 year)
Awards

Who’s who in Connecticut

1992
Additional Information

SKILLS 
 
Through my numerous years of dedication to the food service industry including opening and running 4 successful upscale restaurants, I have honed the ability to balance staff and its moral, developing relationships with patrons and catering to their needs, kept costs in line, maintained creativity and freshness in menu content and offerings and enjoying all of it in the process. It is my dream to take these life experiences to cater to a family where my personal interaction with them will allow me the ability to serve them and their needs in the manner that would exceed their expectations. 
 
♦ Team liaison 
♦ Self-motivated 
♦ Budgeting and finance 
♦ Team leadership 
♦ Extremely organized 
♦ Staff development 
♦ Risk management processes and analysis 
♦ Client assessment and analysis 
♦ Process implementation 
♦ Staff scheduling 
♦ Passion for customer satisfaction