Restaurant Owner
Industrial engineering and Quality control

Pomona, CA

dedicated to continuous process improvement in the face of rapidly evolving and changing markets. 
Extremely results-oriented and proactive in addressing and resolving problems. Talented focused on process 
improvement and on-time project delivery. Budgeting and forecasting specialist, with advanced knowledge 
of Program. Skilled Operation Manager with solid experience managing all levels of multiple projects 
including budgeting and administration.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Restaurant Owner
Aladdin jr restaurant -
Pomona, CA

January 2000 to Present

Prepared cash drawer and petty cash as required. 
Planned and coordinated menus. 
Ensured restaurant signage and displays are attractive and up-to-date. 
Maintained high standards of quality control, cleanliness and safety. 
Checked stock levels and ordered supplies. 
Managed and scheduled staff. 
Set budgets and analyzed restaurant expenses. 
Organized promotional events.Helped in the kitchen as needed. 
Strengthened company's business by leading implementation of 
Trained, coached and mentored staff to ensure smooth operations. 
Created new revenue streams 
Hired and trained employees and managers. 
Increased profits by 60% in one year through restructure of business line.

Service/Sales Engineer
Aladdin jr restaurant -
Los Angeles, CA

June 2008 to April 2010

Los Angeles 
Provide routine service support to Sales Representatives in strategic district accounts to execute agreed upon customer system assurance and continuous improvement plans. 
Work closely with current customers, in defined territory, to understand business needs and recommend 
continuous improvement and innovation plans that will maintain and grow sales within your assigned territory. 
Develop strong relationships with the key stakeholders in both assigned territory, and in the strategic district 
accounts where I provide service support to other District Sales Representatives. 
Generate and execute sales plans in your existing customer base, and with other assigned prospective 
customers, to meet defined territory profit increase goals. 
Provided technical support to customers; identifying and resolving customer challenges, escalating as required. 
Engage in problem solving by performing system analysis, interpreting data and providing written 
recommendations to ensure customer operations are performing at optimal levels.

Environmental Health Specialist
Aladdin jr restaurant -
Los Angeles, CA

February 2001 to April 2008

Los Angeles 
Inspected and investigate and monitor potential health hazards to keep the public safe. 
Inspected many food facilities and restaurants, public pools, schools, nursing homes and daycare centers. 
Completed investigation at such public facilities and decide whether or not further action to eliminate 
hazards may be necessary. 
Responded to complaints or other health concerns such as sewage overflow, campground inspections or animal bites. 
Tested air, water and other natural elements to inspecting public locations for health violations. 
Monitored businesses and enforce regulations that protect the public from communicable diseases.

Data Recovery Engineer
Ontrack Data International -
Costa Mesa, CA

January 1996 to May 2001

Costa Mesa 
Performed first line problem analysis and systems backup monitoring• 
Performed backup application maintenance• 
Worked with other engineers regarding monitoring alerts and client issues• 
Provided weekend and off-hours recovery support, as needed• 
Helped lead and design process and procedures within the team to facilitate continue operational 
improvement• 
Managed backup projects and initiatives• 
Demonstrate ability to highly technical audiences or laymen alike.• 
Lead the design and best practices of several backup solutions.• 
Generated documentation for processes as needed• 
Learned and followed company policies and procedures• 
Performed in a fast paced, high volume environment• 
Performed related tasks as required

Team leader and Project manager
Walt Disney company -
Burbank, CA

August 1988 to May 1996

Demonstrated strong organizational and time management skills 
Demonstrated strong Guest Service skills 
Demonstrated strong written and verbal communication skills 
Demonstrated strong partnering skills 
Proved experience with leading teams 
worked on special engineering projects 
Worked directly with the engineering departments and human resources
Education

Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering
California State Polytechnic University Pomona Pomona, CA

1996
Skills
computer, Environmental Health specialist , Robot Measuring programmer, hands on (10+ years)
Additional Information

Skills 
Exceptional interpersonal communication Conflict resolution 
Effective leader Organized 
Staff training/development Deadline-oriented 
Consistently meet goals 
Efficient multi-tasker 
Project management 
Customer service-oriented 
Human resources management