Restaurant Manager
Restaurant Manager

Valley Stream, NY

To be an active participant in the mission, vision, and values of the organization, while learning new skills and diligently working to integrate my own experience and capabilities so as to serve as a committed and effective employee who, by delivering invaluable performances will contribute to the betterment of the organization as well as to my own growth.
Work Experience

Restaurant Manager
Venti Italian Restaurant

January 2017 to November 2017

Supervised the start-up of a new Italian restaurant. Responsibilities included interior design, menu development and design, supervising staff, and all aspects of running a restaurant.

Certified Nurse's Assistant

December 2014 to December 2016

Worked privately assisting clients with various debilitating illnesses such as Multiple Shclerosis and Rheumatoid Arthritis. Additionally, assisted clients with physical therapy sessions.

Restaurant Manager
Chef's Hat

January 2012 to December 2015

Responsible for the promotion of new clientele through various marketing avenues, clerical aspect of business, account payables and receivables, and inventory.

Accounts Manager/Administrative Assistant
A.M.E. Publishing

June 1999 to December 2011

Administrative duties including backup of computer system, accounts receivable / accounts payable, communication with international branch offices, organization of executive conferences, assisted photo shoot coordinators, translation (Italian to English) of books presented for sale of rights to US publishing market, and managing contracts for office equipment.

Office Manager
CalorTecnica Plumbing & Heating

July 1989 to July 1998

Responsibilities included customer service, customer contracts, billing and collection, supply logistics, maintaining material inventory, and general office and administrative duties.

Office Manager
CalorTecnica Plumbing & Heating -
Rimini, IT

July 1989 to June 1998

Administrative Assistant and Payroll Clerk
Drexel Burnham Lambert, INC -
New York, NY

June 1988 to June 1989

Receptionist and Translator
Banca Popolare di Milano -
New York, NY

August 1987 to May 1988
Education
Farmingdale State College Farmingdale, NY

August 2014 to December 2014

Business and Education
Bronx Community College Bronx, NY

September 1998 to May 1999
John Adams High School Queens, NY

September 1982 to June 1986

certification
perfect score on the State
Skills
accounts payable (10+ years), clerical (3 years), collections. (Less than 1 year), CREDIT (10+ years), data entry (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information

Skills 
Extensive office, clerical experience, and data entry experience. 
Accounts Payable and Receivable experience including but not limited to creating aging reports, creating and managing invoices and collections. 
Knowledge of Microsoft Office Programs and Quickbooks, Act and Internet. 
Proficiency with various operating systems, including Microsoft and Apple. 
Ability to multitask, prioritize, learn new skills quickly, manage stressful situations and resolve conflict. 
Fluently speak read and write English, Italian and Spanish. 
Excellent work ethic, highly organized, conscientious, responsible and detail oriented problem solver.