Restaurant Owner
Restaurant Owner

Pasadena, CA

A flexible. effecient and hardworking Busines Manager with over 23 years of experience 
of ownership/management of different kinds of restaurants in Denmark seeking a new 
career after having moved to california.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Restaurant Owner
Restaurant Casa Blanca － L

May 2005 to October 2017

kken, Denmark 
Concept:International Buffet Restaurant 
My daily activity includes all those appropiate to a business owner such as: Scheduled and directed staff in daily work assignments to maximize productivity. 
Continually monitored restaurant and took appropriate action to ensure food quality and 
service standards were consistently met. 
Minimized loss and misuse of equipment through proper restaurant supervision and staff 
training. 
Developed and maintained exceptional customer service standards. 
Developed and maintained a staff that provided hospitable, professional service while adhering to policies and business initiatives. 
Managed accounts payable, accounts receivable and payroll. 
Consistently obtained highest rating from the county health department. 
Continually monitored restaurant and took appropriate action to ensure food quality and service standards were consistently met. 
My Activities also included being Quality Control Manager for other non owned within the same Casablanca franchise.

Assistant Controller
IF Group -
Aalborg, DK

August 2016 to May 2017

Denmark 
Designed and created monthly spending reports. 
Negotiated with banks, insurance companies and employers on behalf of the company. 
Supported the accounting department during monthly closings. 
Streamlined spending analysis to a more accurate, efficient and automated process. 
Use of different bookkeeping program such as Navision daily

operational manager & Co Owner
Cafe De -
Aalborg, DK

October 2004 to May 2005

Denmark

Co Owner
Ristorante Firenze － L

June 1995 to January 2005

kken, Denmark 
Concept: Fullservice Italian Restaurant 
I owned this rrestaurant at same time as Restaurant La Plancha

Restaurant Owner
Concept -
Aalborg, DK

February 1994 to September 2004

Restaurant La Plancha － Aalborg, Denmark 
Concept: Spanish inspired fullservice Restaurant 
Managed the day-to-day tactical and long-term strategic activities within the business. 
Drafted business plans, budgets and quarterly and semi-annual business reviews. 
Coached and mentored 20-25 staff members by offering constructive feedback and taking interest in their long-term career growth. 
Drafted business plans, budgets and quarterly and semi-annual business reviews.
Education

BBA in Accountning
Aalborg University Aalborg, DK

2017

Associate of Science in Financial Controller
University College of Northern Jutland Aalborg, DK

2016

Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering
Aalborg University Aalborg, DK

1993
Skills
Operations (10+ years), Operations management (10+ years), recruitment (10+ years), training. (10+ years)
Additional Information

Skills 
Full service restaurant background Employee recruitment expertise 
Customer-oriented Hiring and training 
Staff development talent 
Supervisory skills 
Operations management 
Proven sales record 
Strong leader