Teacher/TA
Teacher/ TA /SEN Specialist

Goldsboro, NC

When I was 17, my university professor told me that my conversational manner could probably diffuse an international hostage situation. I’ve always had a knack for communicating with people—the easy-going and the difficult alike—and I strive to bring that communicative approach to the workplace, with an outside the box attitude. I am a driven young person who has derived from a Home Educated background earning a Diploma in Child Psychology at age 14, attending college prematurely aged 15 years old, graduating college with honours at 17, and progressing on to be accepted into 5 Universities aged 17. Graduating with BA Hons in Psychology/Stats and a BA Hons in Performing Arts aged 20. Confident, ambitious, and assertive, with extensive experience in time management, advanced leadership skills and Teaching experience working with young people living with autism, learning difficulties, mental health challenges, or deriving from disadvantaged backgrounds, aged 0-25.
Work Experience

Teacher/TA
Teacher Active

June 2017 to Present

Teacher Active are exceptional at developing new talent and building careers, by providing a supportive working culture, team spirit and shared success make TeacherActive the company that it is.  
Teaching academic cover lessons in Primary and Secondary schools, and assisting in nursery years departments. 
Specialising in SEN classrooms, assisting with inclusive practice academically, and maintaining great working relationships with students. Delivering one to one/personal care in educational facilities.

Teacher
HAYS AGENCY

March 2017 to Present

HAYS Education are the world's leading recruitment experts, providing the correct candidates with job roles both permanent and temporary.  
Since I joined the company I have been provided with weekly work, in Nurserys, Primary, and Secondary School. Delivering classes, both of the academic and physical nature.

Summer Choreographical Artist
The Lowry Theatre

2016 to Present

Key responsibilities: 
● To deliver taster workshops and the subsequent series of workshops according to the required creative brief, schedule and location. 
● Generate student interest and promote engagement in nonresponsive participants. 
● Log class reports and relay feedback to school teachers and group leaders. 
● Devise and teach a choreographed piece to a performance standard within the three day deadline.

Freelance Dance Artist / Creative Director - International
Multiple Companies

January 2011 to Present

Key responsibilities: 
● Creating programs to excite and stimulate learning senses through movement promoting psychological awakening. 
● Researching, designing and implementing a curriculum based upon clients requirements, and students development process. 
● Working with varied groups of individuals; including children, otherwise abled participants, disadvantaged youths, and those suffering from mental health illnesses. 
● Identifying those with the aptitude for dance and performance 
● Providing intellectual and emotional training for dancers to effectively navigate the dance industry

Support Staff
National Youth Dance Company

July 2017 to September 2017

Developing from a Company member to freelance Support Staff with the National Youth Dance Company of England. Supporting the organisation of company tour dates, and assisting with the deliverance of experience workshops.

Coach
Little Superstars

August 2016 to September 2017

2016 
 
Key responsibilities: 
● Providing physical movement classes for Key Stage 1 -2 children 
● Creating a workplace culture that is consistent with the overall organization, and that emphasizes the identified mission, vision, guiding principles, and values of the organization. 
● Booking student reservations and processing payments. 
● Generating sales and arranging specialist package deals to suit the customers' needs.

Sessional Disability Youth Worker
Merseyside Youth Association

July 2017 to August 2017

Summer long position, delivering structured and safe sporting opportunities for disabled young people. 
Specialising in educational care for students with Autism.  
Enhancing professional versatility in an ever changing environment, which required constant lesson adaptation due to children’s complex needs..  
Delivering dynamic lessons, while demonstrating constant classroom management.  
Providing personal care, and maintaining student and staff safety in a very hostile environment.

Company Member
National Youth Dance Company -
London

2013 to 2014

Key responsibilities: 
● Under direction of Akram Khan, to train and perform as one of the UKs top 30 young dancers, working and touring as a dancer with the internationally celebrated NYDC. 
● Hosting company receptions. 
● Generating funding through audience engagement and company progress reports. 
● Intensive training with The Akram Khan Company; learning their choreographic principles and working with colleagues to devise a nationally renowned company piece 'Rashomon Effect'. 
● Participating in marketing campaigns. 
● Identifying and positively problem-solving company issues as a team member.

Dance Teacher
Positive Impact -
Liverpool

2011 to 2014

Key responsibilities: 
● Head dance teacher and coordinator for Positive Impact Performing Arts Academy. 
● Overseeing several classes of young people aged 3-21, ensuring that they achieved quality dance training and performance opportunities. 
● Structuring lesson plans, teaching lessons, co-coordinating events and promotional activity. 
● Preserving customer relations with students and their parents in order to maintain a successful and safe learning environment. 
● Working with young people living with Autism Spectrum Disorders, Emotional and Behavioural Disorders, Resource/Inclusion disabilities, Developmental and Sensory disabilities. 
● Providing Psycho-Therapy through physical activity.

Advisory Board Member
Capital of Culture

2006 to 2009

Key responsibilities: 
● Advising event organisers, stakeholders, politicians, and funders on how best to create accessible events that include young people. 
● Advising appropriate funding allocation and social media communication 
● Devising channels of approach to most effectively market events and products to young individuals.
Education

Bachelor's Hons in Psychology/Statistics
Liverpool Hope University

2011 to 2014

Bachelor's Hons in Dance
Liverpool Hope University

2011 to 2014
The Ailey School

2013
City of Liverpool College

2009 to 2011
The Lowry Centre
Awards

Merseyside Young Achiever Award

2010

Liverpool City Council Educational Achiever

2010

Liverpool Capital Of Culture Young Advisory Committee

2006

Liverpool Capital Of Culture Young Advisory Committee

2007

Liverpool Capital Of Culture Young Advisory Committee

2008

Liverpool Capital Of Culture Young Advisory Committee

2009

Liverpool City Council Educational Achiever

2009
Additional Information

CORE COMPETENCIES 
● Experience Working With Key Stages 1 & 2  
Classroom Management 
● Experience Working With Disadvantaged Children  
Problem Solving 
● Designing Activities To Motivate Children  
Building Relationships 
● Motivational and Positive Team Member  
Management and Customer Support