IT Consultant
TECHNICIAN

Culver City, CA

Apple certified IT support professional with experience supporting multiple end users in a business environment. Experience with Final Cut Pro, Avid media composer, Adobe Premier and Adobe product suite. Some experience with Deploy Studio. Also experience setting up edit bays and moving edit bays to other bays. Experience with MetaSan Storage network technology. Extensive experience with Mac OS X server. All versions of OS X server including making images and deployment of Profile manager and enrolling systems for device management to push out custom settings to devices. Experience with Apple Remote Desktop. Also experience with Microsoft Office and supporting windows systems for end users.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

IT Consultant
IT Temple.com -
Beverly Hills, CA

July 2017 to Present

IT consultant for corporate clients

IT Consultant
Apple-onsite.com -
Redondo Beach, CA

June 2015 to Present

Help Desk Analyst
Apollo Professional Solutions Inc -
Malibu, CA

October 2016 to February 2017

Help desk support for 530 enterprise users in a defense contractor environment.

Repair Technician
Fry's Electronics -
Manhattan Beach, CA

May 2015 to June 2015

Responsibilities 
restored systems after product returns. Tended to customers that came into service department.

IT Help Desk Technician
Mob Scene LLC -
Beverly Hills, CA

January 2014 to October 2014

Responsibilities 
IT help desk support of Apple computers and devices. 65 + end users. Supported video editors in edit bays and executive staff. 
 
Accomplishments 
Helped company extend life of systems until they could buy new equipment. 
 
Skills Used 
ACTC ACMT Network + and A + certifications.

TECHNICIAN
APPLE

November 2010 to February 2013

Installed hard drives and OS's, Replaced HDD's. Replaced logic boards and video cards in imac's, Macbook, Macbook pro, Mac Mini. Performed data recovery of failed hard drives, data transfers. Know Final Cut Pro 10, Lightspeed POS software, 10.5., 10.6.8, 10.7.5, 10.8.6, 10.91 Mavericks, Smart Utility, Data Rescue 3, Diskwarrior 4.0, and Mac OS X Server10.6, 10.7.5, Server 3.0.

APPLE TECHNICIAN
APPLE -
Burbank, CA

May 2012 to August 2012

Supported multiple end users for stop motion animation studio. 
Assisted technical supervisor with data entry and shot tracking. 
Created sand box test server environment to validate proof of concept configuration settings of MAC OS X Lion Server. 
Provided hardware support for older systems. 
Supported multiple wireless personal printers and networked large scale multi function copiers. 
Documented printing support process for repetitive issues. 
Organized tech supplies and updated inventory control systems using WASP Mobile Asset.

CONFIGURATION TECHNICIAN
Arey Jones Educational Solutions, Inc -
Los Angeles, CA

May 2008 to July 2010

Image deployment; add memory; add video cards 
Troubleshoot new computer systems 
Deploy Apple Computers; activate with CompuTrace 
Deploy images over network 
Modify new computer systems for customer and repack for shipping
Education

Associate in Drafting
ITT Technical Institute-Torrance Torrance, CA
Skills
Open Directory (3 years), Apple repair (3 years), Help Desk support (3 years), Active Directory (1 year)
Links

http://www.apple-onsite.com
Certifications/Licenses

Network+ Certification

January 2017

CompTIA A+

January 2017

ACTC Apple Certification

ACMT Apple certification