Associate Doctor of Chiropractic
Doctor of Chiropractic

San Diego, CA

My goal is to place high value on patient and or customer experience while staying focused on business dealings in any industry I am a part of. I am a highly motivated individual who strives to seek growth and development of employees and commercial enterprise. Being a team player and who places integrity at the top of the list has been integral to my success in business and in life. I posses strong interpersonal, written, and verbal skills and have the ability to adapt to any situation placed in front of me. I feel that I can be a strong and reliable asset to any company and team that desires a determined, and analytic employee.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Associate Doctor of Chiropractic
Element Wellness Center -
San Diego, CA

September 2017 to Present

Doctor of Chiropractic specializing in Graston and myofasical release

Part time Doctor of Chiropractic
The Joint Chiropractic -
San Marcos, CA

January 2017 to June 2017

Responsible for patient care and the signing of new patients to care plans 
• secret-shopped by third-party vendor and scored 100% (assessment available upon request) 
• Increased revenue of clinic by 46% in five months

Co-Owner and CEO of successful chiropractic
Align Health Center -
Wilmington, CA

November 2010 to June 2016

acupuncture and physical therapy clinic 
• Managed patient care, day-to-day operations, hiring of new employees, billing and marketing. 
• Monthly Payroll of over 20 employees 
• Personally oversaw and managed satellite office out of West Coast Barbell in San Pedro, Ca

Independent Chiropractor
Healthfit Chiropractic Center -
Oakland, CA

October 2009 to October 2010

• Responsible for building patient base and managing patients and their care 
• Help establish new location in Long Beach, CA

Manager of Weight Room facility
Palmer College of Chiropractic -
Davenport, IA

September 2005 to July 2009

• Compile reports of statistical information on attendance to assess financial need for new equipment 
• Oversee employees to make sure their jobs are being done correctly 
• Maintain and repair equipment and machines as needed

Student Intern
Tatsuno Chiropractic -
Bakersfield, CA

2009 to 2009

Preceptor-ship- Learned All aspects of running a successful Chiropractic office and gained real world 
experience

Student Intern
Chiro One Wellness Center -
Forest Park, IL

2009 to 2009

Preceptor-ship- Learned All aspects of running a successful Chiropractic office and gained real world 
experience

Student Worker
Palmer Clinic Abroad to Morocco

2009 to 2009

Saw a wide variety of chiropractic and medical cases. Adjusted 200+ people in 5 days

Student Intern
Palmer College of Chiropractic

2008 to 2008

Lumbar Flexion Distraction - Completed course in the diagnosis, evaluation, and correction of lumbar spine 
conditions

Student Ex-tern
Palmer College of Chiropractic

2007 to 2008

Co-managed patients with faculty DC's, Supervising Doctors: Dr. Malik and Dr. Lopez, DC's 
 
National Board of Chiropractic Present 
Completed parts I, II, III, IV and PT

Ski technician, Sales Representative
Sport Chalet -
San Diego, CA

September 2002 to July 2005

Duties included maintenance and installation of ski and snowboard equipment, working in rental 
department, sales of winter sports equipment and summer water sports equipment

Internship for Undergraduate Degree
Palmer College of Chiropractic -
Davenport, IA

2005 to 2005

• Worked with the Palmer rugby team on improving strength, cardiovascular endurance, and agility 
• Personally trained students, faculty, and their family members
Education

Doctor of Chiropractic Program in Chiropractic
Palmer College of Chiropractic Davenport, IA

2005 to 2009

B.S. in Kinesiology in Fitness, Nutrition and Health
San Diego State University San Diego, CA

2002 to 2005

CSF Award
Bakersfield High School Bakersfield, CA

August 1996 to May 1999
Skills
Highly skilled in various Chiropractic techniques- Diversified, Gonstead. Lumbar Flexion Distraction, Thompson. Graston Technique. Microsoft word, powerpoint, excel. Billing Software. (10+ years)
Certifications/Licenses

Doctor of Chiropractic

September 2017 to September 2018

National Board of Chiropractic

June 2009 to Present

Completed parts I, II, III, IV and PT
Additional Information

Level 2 Graston Technique certified Practitioner 
Published in STACK Magazine, article Why Pro Athletes Are Flocking to An Instrument-Assisted Healing Method Known as The Graston Technique 
Palmer College of Chiropractic Rugby Team 
Sales and Managerial experience 
Standford-Binet IQ score of 131 (98th percentile)