Triage Nurse

Newark, DE

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Triage Nurse
Brandywine Urology Consultants -
Wilmington, DE

2006 to Present

Wilmington, DE 
Triage Phone Calls and work closely with Physicians to resolve patient care issues. 
Responsible for preparing the patient and maintaining the sterility of equipment and instruments for Procedures and assisting Physician during Procedures. 
Perform a variety of nurse visits with patients, including catheter insertions and removals, staple, stent and nephrostomy tube removal. IM and subcutaneous injections, bladder instillations, teaching procedures to patients and caregivers, and wound care. 
Receive and review all incoming test results with Physician and review and explain Physician orders to patients. 
Trained incoming nurses and medical assistants on policies and procedures. 
Schedule patients for nurse and physician visits in the office. 
Ability to multitask by covering multiple Physicians phone calls, labs and images. 
All work is conducted in an electronic database including ordering medications and all documentation.

Staff RN
Delaware Hospice -
Wilmington, DE

2004 to 2006

Completed physical assessments of patients and documented the results in an electronic database. 
Worked closely with Physician and other staff members to provide solutions and goals for plan of care for patients and their families. 
Updated Inter-Disciplinary Team on a bi-weekly basis of patient's status and plan of care. 
Inserted and irrigated Foley catheters, managed PICC lines and implanted ports, maintained PCA pumps and performed wound care. 
Triage patient phone calls, completed patient admissions and emergency visits during on call shifts which included evenings, weekends, and holidays.

Volunteer Escort
Christiana Hospital -
Stanton, DE

2000 to 2001

Responsible for assisting Nurses and transferring patients from PACU to patient rooms

Tax Preparer
H&R Block -
Newark, DE

1998 to 1999

Responsible for preparing customer's tax returns and providing financial tax advantages while maintaining customer confidentiality. Also conducted administrative duties, document filing, and customer recruiting.

Shift Supervisor for Quality Assurance Technicians
Eastman Kodak -
Rochester, NY

1982 to 1989

Supervised Lab Assistants and Technicians. Responsibilities also included training Direct Reports and new personnel, plus trouble shooting copier problems along side Mechanical and Design Engineers.
Education

AAS
Nursing Delaware Technical and Community College Stanton, DE

AAS
Mechanical Engineering New York City Technical College Brooklyn, NY
Skills
Excel (8 years), Microsoft Word (8 years)
Certifications/Licenses

BLS for Healthcare Providers (CPR and AED)
Additional Information

Technical Skills 
Proficient in electronic medical records systems, Excel, Microsoft Word and Power point 
 
Personal Skills 
Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work independently. Dependable and conscientious. Profound communication skills both verbal and written.