Full-time family medicine provider
Full-time family medicine provider - PA-C Permanent Family Medicine

Fort Worth, TX

A position as a physician assistant in a practice setting which will allow me to utilize my knowledge, 
training and experience in the delivery of high quality health care with kindness and compassion while 
also offering opportunity to be challenged and evolve. A position as a physician assistant as part of a 
synergistic medical team.
Work Experience

Full-time family medicine provider
PA-C Permanent Family Medicine -
Fort Worth, TX

March 2013 to Present

Fort Worth, TX 
Jennifer Speaker, MD 
Duties: Full-time family medicine provider in outpatient clinic. Evaluating, diagnosing and managing 
patients of all ages with both chronic and acute medical problems under indirect physician supervision.
PA-C Locum Tenens Family Medicine -
Shiprock, NM

June 2011 to November 2012

Northern Navajo Medical Center- Shiprock, NM 
Sara Michaels, MD 
Standing Rock Indian Health Hospital- Fort Yates, ND 
Lynelle Noisy Hawk, MD 
Maniilaq Health Center- Kotzebue, AK 
Ellen Elmore, MD 
Duties: Family medicine provider in outpatient clinics. Evaluating, diagnosing and managing both chronic care and acute care patients of all ages under indirect physician supervision at main clinics and 
satellite village clinics.

Anne Biedel, MD, Sam Johnsen
PA-C Permanent Family Medicine -
Lahaina, HI

August 2005 to February 2011

MD 
Duties: Full-time family medicine provider in an outpatient clinic which included routinely working the after-hours clinic. Evaluating, diagnosing and managing both chronic care patients and acute care 
patients under indirect physician supervision.

Part-time Obstetrics and Gynecology
PA-C -
Wailuku, HI

May 2005 to May 2006

Benjamin Berry, MD 
Duties: Part-time provider in an OB/GYN outpatient clinic under indirect physician supervision. 
Perform routine gynecologic exams. Provide routine prenatal and postnatal care. Evaluation and management of pregnancy related issues. Evaluate, diagnose and treat women's health issues. 
 
PROFESSIONALACCREDI TAT IONSANDAFFILIATIONS 
National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants, Certificate Number: 1065999 
Texas State License, License Number: PA07437 
Hawaii State License, License Number: AMD252 
DEA License, active 
American Academy of Physician Assistants 
 
UNIQUEPROFESSIONALEXPERIENCES 
Volunteer member of medical mission teams to Africa, Europe, Asia, South America, Pacific Islands and 
Indonesia, offering free medial care to people with little access to health care and working alongside 
national partners.
Education
College of Medicine Oklahoma City, OK

December 2004

Bachelor of Science in Health and Sport Sciences
University of Oklahoma Norman, OK

May 2002

Master of Health Sciences as Physician Associate in Health Sciences
University of Oklahoma Health Sciences
Additional Information

Thirteen years of experience in Family Medicine including Urgent Care and Internal Medicine. 
Experience managing own panel. Experience with all ages. Women's health experience. Strong sense 
of autonomy while appreciating partnership and teamwork. Dedicated work ethic and dedicated to 
patient care.