Teaching Assistant
Teaching Assistant - Chesterfield Christian Church

Anderson, IN
Work Experience

Teaching Assistant
Chesterfield Christian Church -
Daleville, IN

August 2017 to Present

After substitute teaching with Daleville Community Schools, I was asked to become a teaching assistant. Teaching special education students in a resource setting. Tutoring and motivating students, checking grades, counseling students, and managing emotional distress situations.

Youth Director
Chesterfield Christian Church -
Chesterfield, IN

March 2014 to Present

Organizing and leading youth programs. Working with youth of all ages. Creating curriculum for children's programs. Directing and conducting the adult handbell choir. Working directly with the senior pastor and sunday school superintendent. Teaching children's church and children's sunday school. Creating and adapting lesson plans directly to the children.

Substitute Teacher
Daleville Community Schools -
Daleville, IN

August 2016 to May 2017

Executing substitute plans and adapting plans as needed at Elementary and High Schools. Frequently requested by teachers. Particular experience in English and algebra classes.

Freelance Flute Teacher
Self-Employed -
Anderson, IN

2010 to 2015

Instructing individuals of all ages in flute technique, literature, and musicality.

Shelter Advocate
Alternatives Inc -
Anderson, IN

June 2013 to March 2014

Answering crisis calls, facilitating and serving meals, adhering to state guidelines, giving tours to new residents, visiting donors, preparing rooms for new residents, giving referrals to residents in crisis, granting/denying shelter to crisis line callers, completing admission files for residents, and working directly with women of all ages who have been involved in domestic violence situations.

Flute Teacher
Alternatives Inc -
Anderson, IN

September 2012 to April 2013

Anderson, IN 
Answering crisis calls, facilitating and serving meals, adhering to state guidelines, giving tours to new residents, organizing donations, preparing rooms for new residents, and working directly with residents. 
 
Flute Teacher Eastside Middle School 
2007-2010 Anderson, IN 
Instructing students in flute technique, literature, and musicality.
Education

Bachelor of Arts in Music
Anderson University Anderson, IN

2009 to 2013
Highland High School Anderson, IN

2005 to 2009