Assistant Restaurant Manager
Assistant Restaurant Manager - National Restaurant Partners DBA Applebee's Neighborhood Restaurant

Dundee, FL

● Background encompasses professional experience in Business Management in the following key positions of responsibility: Financial Account Managing and Restaurant Operations Management. 
 
Proven leadership/managerial abilities (able to motivate personnel to reach desired objectives); excellent communication/interpersonal skills (able to develop positive relationships with customers and employees); highly skilled at problem identification/problem resolution; results-oriented.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Assistant Restaurant Manager
National Restaurant Partners DBA Applebee's Neighborhood Restaurant -
Lakeland, FL

February 2016 to Present

employed) 
Lakeland, Florida 
Assistant Restaurant Manager 
 
● Reported directly to the Restaurant manager. 
● Responsible for hiring and training staff. 
● Monitoring subordinates to ensure objectives are achieved. 
● Monitoring and coaching p&l shortfalls for the period.

DBA
JAA Restaurant Holdings -
Lake Wales, FL

March 2013 to January 2016

General Manager 
Profit performance vs. budget and prior year. 
● Hire, train, motivate, supervise, evaluate, schedule, and terminate employees. 
● Management of food, labor, paper, and other controllable costs. 
● Monitoring and utilizing systems to achieve profitability objectives. 
● Addressing profit shortfalls or cost variances with subordinates and superiors. 
Coordinate and conduct meetings for subordinates to inform them of any new procedures and/or shortfalls.

Financial Account Manager
Capital One Financial -
Tampa, FL

October 2011 to October 2012

Servicing accounts for an assigned number of the most valuable and heavy spending account holders for personal and small business accounts. 
● Providing the best possible customer service available, in a call center environment. 
● Create training presentations through PowerPoint from own ideas and experiences. 
● Responsible for training selected new hires. 
● Reviewing accounts to see if criteria is met for an increase in credit.

Financial Service Advisor/Manager Trainee
Amscot Financial Services -
Bartow, FL

January 2009 to September 2010

* Performed financial transactions up to, but not limited to cash advances, international money transfers, facsimiles, and bill payments. 
* Responsible for handling large amounts of cash, checks, and money orders. 
* Made collections calls according to the guidelines of the "Fair Debt Collection Practice Act." 
* Trained on Anti-money laundering laws (A.M.L.). 
* Trained and monitored new employees on policies and procedures.
Education

GED
West Area Adult School Auburndale, FL

June 2001
Skills
Microsoft Office (5 years)
Certifications/Licenses

ServSafe Manager

October 2018