Staff Accountant
Staff Accountant

Los Angeles, CA

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Staff Accountant
Gordon & Associates, An Accountancy Corporation

October 2017 to November 2017

Recorded all deposits and transfers into Datafaction on a weekly basis. 
● Prepared client cash balance report and submitting it to the Supervisor for review. 
● Monitored weekly all AMEX balances and allowance account balances. 
● Processed all client bills for payment for personal and business accounts.

Accountant/Bookkeeper
Robert Half Accountemps

August 2016 to September 2017

Conducted Data Entry for various temporary assignments utilizing QuickBooks and Datafaction. 
● Currently at Mosaic Media Group, I produce monthly bank reconciliations while utilizing Datafaction to process payments. 
● Record accounts receivables and accounts payables. 
● Analyzed company budgets by coordinating with the Accounts Supervisor. 
● Reviewed financial statements and income statements to identify and rectify any discrepancies.

Accounting Clerk/human Resources Intern
StreetPR

July 2016 to August 2016

Collaborated with the Human Resources department to assist the recruiting manager and identify/suggest any potential staff members that would be a help to the team. 
● Completed weekly payroll for various employees. 
● Made cold calls to exhibition leads along with phone calls to borough councils for licensing of distribution of leaflets. 
● Book in staff to hand out leaflets to the public to promote brand awareness and other campaigns.

Sales Associate
Pep Boys Auto

September 2012 to July 2016

Generated sales through outstanding customer service and strong product knowledge. 
● Established and maintained a positive relationship with customers and team members. 
● I was acknowledged for exceeding the targeted sales goal almost every week. 
● Assisted with product maintenance and inventory count.
Education

Bachelor of Arts in Accounting
University of California Riverside, CA

2017
Skills
Excel (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Excel (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Word (Less than 1 year), QuickBooks (1 year), Word (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information

Skills 
Computer Skills 
● Software: Datafaction, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Power Point, Microsoft Word, and QuickBooks