Senior Tax Consultant

El Paso, TX
Work Experience

Senior Tax Consultant
Jensen Accountancy International, LLC -
El Paso, TX

October 2016 to Present

Senior Loan Officer
WestStar Mortgage Company -
El Paso, TX

2012 to 2016

During this time, I have worked with the same group in Austin, Texas. This branch has been affiliated with several different mortgage companies due to changes within the industry. We were originally affiliated with Moncor Mortgage. After a merger, Moncor Mortgage became Schmidt Mortgage. Schmidt Mortgage had problems meeting net worth requirements and we moved to America Home Key Mortgage. Bank of America pulled America Home Key Mortgage's funding line so we move to WestStar Mortgage Company. Our branch has been working with WestStar Mortgage Company since February 1, 2012.

Owner/President
West Texas Mortgage Corporation

August 2000 to January 2011

This company operated as a mortgage broker that originated mostly residential mortgage loans and some commercial loans. 
Due to changes within the mortgage industry, it was in my best interest to stop operating as a mortgage broker and become a mortgage banker. In order to accomplish this I had to close West Texas Mortgage Corporation and align myself with a mortgage bank.

Assistant District Manager
GMAC Mortgage -
El Paso, TX

October 1996 to July 2000

During the time employed, the branch maintained a 4 to 5 percent market share. 
I left GMAC Mortgage to open my own mortgage broker company.

Loan Officer
Sierra Mortgage Corporation

September 1992 to October 1996

Job included originating residential mortgage loans. In addition to originating mortgage loans, I negotiated and closed numerous commercial loan purchases through the Resolution Trust Corporation. 
My resignation was given when GMAC offered me the opportunity to open a new branch in El Paso, Texas.

Assistant Vice President Commercial and Industrial Lending
State National Bank

December 1991 to August 1992

Primary responsibilities included origination and servicing a commercial loan portfolio. 
I left State National Bank when the Ex-President of Southwestern Savings opened a mortgage company and offered me a job.

Vice President Lending
Southwestern Savings and Loan Association

February 1987 to November 1991

Originated and serviced residential, commercial loans and consumer loans. Residential and commercial loans included both permanent and interim financing. Residential lending responsibilities included supervising servicing and secondary marketing. 
Southwestern Savings and Loan was closed by the Resolution Trust Corporation. They kept me employed to oversee the liquidation of all assets.

Loan Officer
Construction and Commercial Lending

August 1985 to January 1987

for El Paso Federal Savings and Loan Association. Responsibilities included originating and servicing construction and commercial loans. 
I left El Paso Federal Savings to pursue better opportunities.
Education

B.S. in Finance
University of Texas at El Paso. El Paso, TX

1985