Accounting Specialist
Accounting Specialist - Mengali Accountancy

Kalispell, MT
Work Experience

Accounting Specialist
Mengali Accountancy -
Healdsburg, CA

November 2016 to Present

Healdsburg, CA 11/2016- Current 
Proficient in all of the standard office Accounting assistant to CPA firm specializing in large real estate 
entities. Managing busy calendar of financial deadlines. Payroll and desktop software and able to quickly learn tax payments. Accounts Payable/Receivable. Working remotely. 
new programs or operating systems.

DTC Sales & Hospitality Manager
Campovida, Hopland -
Oakland, CA

January 2016 to November 2016

Oakland, CA 01/2016- 11/2016 
administrative support, marketing, human Oversaw the daily operations of two tasting rooms. Hired, trained 
resources, and bookkeeping. Excellent and supervised staff. Managed DTC, wine club, and online sales. 
Assist in social media marketing plan on website. Plan and execute 
inter-personal, phone and digital events. Manage a busy calendar of events, reservations, meetings and communication skills. Strong old-fashioned appointments. Maintain supplies and oversee housekeeping and 
work ethic. maintenance. Improve and increase efficiency of daily procedures. 
Inventory control. Manage cash deposits.
Education

Bachelor of Arts in EDUCATION
University of San Diego Kalispell, MT

May 2003
Skills
Accounting (Less than 1 year), Accounts Payable (Less than 1 year), administrative support (Less than 1 year), payments. (Less than 1 year), Payroll (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information

SKILLS & EXPERTISE Accounting Specialist 
and Sales & Hospitality 
• Office Management VML Winery/Truett- Hurst, Healdsburg, CA […] 01/2016 
Unique role primarily in the Accounting Department with 
• Bookkeeping: Invoicing, Accounts participation in the DTC Sales Department. Process and reconcile 
Payable/Receivable, Reconciliation daily sales reports, deposits, and wholesale invoices. Accounts 
• Executive and Administrative Support payable and bank reconciliation. Host and entertain diverse groups 
of guests. Meet or exceed monthly sales goals. Build Wine Club. 
• Hiring, Training, and Supervising Staff 
Participate in events on/off-site. Ordering tasting room supplies. 
• Proficient in Microsoft Office, Navision, 
WMS, QuickBooks, VinNow, etc. Freelance Bookkeeper/Assistant 
• Genuine, Fun Customer Service Red Car Wine Co./Truett-Hurst/Max Comfort […] 08/2014 
• Sales & Marketing Accounts payable and receivable. Completed check runs. Reconciled 
bank and credit card accounts. Payroll. Order entry, invoicing, and 
• Bilingual in English and Spanish preparing FedEx/UPS shipping labels. Processed credit card 
• Human Resources & Work Comp payments. Ran errands. Made bank deposits. 
 
Office Manager […] 
CONTACT 
General Manager 
Mail: 120 E. Bluegrass Drive T.Q.M., Las Vegas, Nevada […]