Restaurant Manager

Las Vegas, NV

To obtain a job in the hospitality industry with academic interest in hospitality management.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Restaurant Manager
Umami inc-restaurant -
Las Vegas, NV

December 2016 to Present

• Ensured that all guests feel welcome and are given responsive, friendly and courteous service at all times. 
• Developed Employee Training Manual for fine dining japanese restaurant 
• Assisted in developing food and beverage menu within Head Chef’s agreement. 
• Monitored budgets costs and labor. 
• Analyzed and developed reports on F&B cost of sales, including recipe and HR costing 
• Established and maintained beverage pars and updates wine and beverage menus. 
• Managed daily closing by adhering to cash handling and reconciliation procedures in accordance with restaurant policies and procedures. 
• Ensures restaurant following 
Health, Safety and Occupational Safety and Health regulations same as hotel standard

Assistant Manager
Kaizen Fusion Roll And Sushi North Las Vegas -
Las Vegas, NV

August 2013 to September 2016

Responsibilities 
• Responsibilities include serve the customers with high quality service in person or on phone.  
• Provided months training of quality customer service and knowledge of liquor, Wine and Menu.  
• Developed Skills to be friendly and efficient customer service to all guests 
• Hiring Employees and Offering proper training. Managing Schedule of Front Of House Team members 
• Handling Customer Service . 
 
Skills used 
-Management of POS system.  
-Management of Social media marketing(yelp, Instagram)

Front Desk Agent
Homewood Suites by Hilton. Henderson/South Las Vegas -
Henderson, NV

May 2015 to March 2016

Responsibilities 
• Responsibilities include processing guest arrivals and departures, including all necessary payments. 
• Offering referral for services and handle requests for information and guests’ concerns 
• Operating the Hilton computer system.(OnQ) 
 
Skills Used 
Microsoft office 
ONQ Hilton Reservation system.

Server/Waiter
Kaizen Fusion Roll And Sushi Paradise Las Vegas/ North Las Vegas -
Las Vegas, NV

July 2009 to August 2013

Responsibilities include serve the customers with high quality service in person or on phone. 
• Provided 1month training of quality customer service and knowledge of liquor, Wine and Menu. 
• Developed Skills to be friendly and efficient customer service to all guests.

Interpreter/Promotor
CES Convention Show 2011 -
Las Vegas, NV

January 2011 to January 2011

Responsibilities 
• Responsibility includes Explanation Products of Korean Company in English to visitor. 
• Provided Service of answering question of products and contraction with company

Interpreter/Promotor
SEMA Show 2010 -
Las Vegas, NV

November 2010 to November 2010

Responsibilities 
• Responsibility includes Explanation Products of Korean Company in English to visitor. 
• Provided Service of answering question of products and contraction with company.

Interpreter/Promotor
CES Show 2010 -
Las Vegas, NV

January 2010 to January 2010

Responsibilities 
 
• Responsibility includes Explanation Products of Korean Company in English to visitor. 
• Provided Service of answering question of products and contraction with company.

Intern
Westgate Resorts in Planet Hollywood Hotel Las Vegas -
Las Vegas, NV

June 2009 to July 2009

Responsibilities 
• Provided months training of quality customer service and knowledge related to Marketing.
Education

Bachelor of Science in Hospitality Management/Graduated with 3.5 GPA
University of Nevada Las Vegas, NV

2008 to 2014

Honor Student Member
General university honor society(Phi Kappa Phi) Member Las Vegas, NV

2013
Skills
Microsoft Office (7 years), Customer Service (8 years), Teaching (3 years)
Certifications/Licenses

Food Handlers Card

June 2022

CPR/AED

August 2018

TESOL

May 2020
Groups

Phi Kappa Phi

August 2013 to Present

General University Honor Society Member
Publications

umami reataurant featured on las vegas review journal

https://www.reviewjournal.com/entertainment/entertainment-columns/heidi-knapp-rinella/pleasant-savory-and-satisfying-umami-lives-up-to-its-name/

August 2017
Additional Information

RELATED WORK SKILLS 
 
-TESOL Certificate (Teachers of English to Speakers of Other Languages). 
-Proficient in Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel. 
-Fluent in English and Korean.