Restaurant Manager
Restaurant manager

Oklahoma City, OK

Experienced Restaurant Manager who oversaw a high-volume, $3.8M dollar restaurant. Versed in planning daily 
operations, staffing and inventory management. Driven to cut company costs and boost company revenue through 
innovative management techniques. Organized and diligent, with excellent written, oral and interpersonal communication 
skills. 
 
Highlights 
Customer-oriented Ability to handle fast-paced environment 
Strong leader Ability to handle/resolve problems 
Bilingual in English & Spanish Math calculations aptitude 
Hiring and training Successful kitchen staff supervisor 
Operations management Cash handling 
Staff development talent Interviewing and training ability 
Servsafe and NRFSP certified Proficiency in inventory and ordering 
Staff scheduling knowledge Proven leadership skills 
Comfortable standing for long time periods Reliable, punctual and committed to customer 
Delivers exceptional customer service service

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Restaurant Manager
Chili's Bar and Grill Restaurant - -
Enid, OK

July 2016 to Present

Work in a team of 4 managers to achieve restaurant results, making sure we deliver Chili's expectations of quality and service. Shared responsibilities include hiring, training, scheduling, managing inventory, invoicing among others.

General Manager
Mcdonalds -
Enid, OK

April 2012 to March 2016

Managed team of 12 of shift managers and 55 crew members. 
Reduced and controlled expenses by creating a monthly action plan that will reduce the food cost expenses. Surpassed revenue goals in four consecutive quarters. 
Served as mentor and coach to junior management members. 
Hired and recruited based on stores staffing goals. 
Participated in hiring events for entire organization; selecting and interviewing candidates. 
Performed Spanish orientations for multiple restaurants. 
Implemented rules and policies for crew and shift managers. 
Participated in local school job fairs. 
Executed integrated advertising campaign across multiple media channels.

Assistant manager
Love's Travel Stops & Country Stores -
Hennessey, OK

August 2011 to April 2012

Oversaw daily production and sales of the retail store and subway. 
Worked with corporates HR manager selecting and interviewing possible candidates. 
Recruited and trained crew members for the retail store and subway restaurant. 
Performed onboarding process and instore orientations. 
Completed daily, weekly, and monthly inventories.

Assistant Manager
Mcdonald's -
Enid, OK

November 2007 to August 2011

Managed daily shifts and up to 12 crew members. Directed strategic initiatives to achieve shift results. 
Conducted walk-in interviews. 
Ensure policies were followed. 
Assisted HR manager translating company policies. 
Ensured daily results and targets set by the GM 
Ability to handle fast-paced environment 
Ability to handle/resolve problems Math calculations aptitude Successful kitchen staff supervisor Cash handling 
Interviewing and training ability Proficiency in inventory and ordering proven leadership skills 
Reliable, punctual and committed to customer service
Education

High School Diploma
Enid High school

2009

Associate in Business Management
Northern Oklahoma College Enid, OK