Internal Medicine- Dr. James P. Wilson MD Internal Medicine and Diabetalogy
Internal Medicine- Dr. James P. Wilson MD Internal Medicine and Diabetalogy

Columbia, MD

To secure full time employment as a novice Family Nurse Practitioner.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Internal Medicine- Dr. James P. Wilson MD Internal Medicine and Diabetalogy
Family Medicine- Lorton Station Family Medicine -
Lorton, VA

September 2017 to December 2017

181 hours- Fall 2017 
◦ Lorton, Virginia 
❖ Internal Medicine- Dr. James P. Wilson MD Internal Medicine and Diabetalogy 
◦ 197.5 hours- Summer 2017 
◦ Fort Walton Beach, Florida 
❖ Obstetrics and Gynecology- Walton County Health Department
Pediatric Medicine- Gulf Coast Pediatric and Adolescent Center -
Defuniak Springs, FL

March 2017 to May 2017

Florida 
❖ Pediatric Medicine- Gulf Coast Pediatric and Adolescent Center
Danita's Children- Hope for Haiti Children's Center -
Panama City, FL

March 2017 to May 2017

Florida 
❖ Danita's Children- Hope for Haiti Children's Center
Family Medicine- Walton County Health Department -
Defuniak Springs, FL

September 2016 to March 2017

Post- Anesthesia Care Unit/ Preoperative RN
Eglin Hospital -
Eglin AFB, FL

September 2015 to September 2016

full time (40 hours/week) duties: Government contract as an RN. RN trained and fully functional in three areas within the 96th Medical Squadron- ASU, PACU, and Preop. Provide nursing care to active duty soldiers, family members of active duty, and retired active duty from pediatrics to geriatrics. Basic security clearance. 
Charge nurse duties in pre-op and PACU setting as assigned. Assigned to work in pre-op clinic to interview pre-operative patients, contact required clinics and/or doctors for paperwork and/or medical clearance, follow up on labs, verify that patient is cleared for surgery- if not, conduct proper follow up, phone calls to assist with medical clearance for surgery.

Medical- Surgical Floor RN
West Florida Hospital -
Pensacola, FL

June 2015 to September 2015

full time (36 hours/week) duties: Travel Nursing assignment wherein I received clinical training for 2 days and then fully functioning as an RN with a full patient assignment on a busy Med-Surgical Floor. Floor consisted of pulmonary, cardiac, and medical patients. Received nomination for Daisy award during this assignment.

Electrophysiology Lab RN
Fort Walton Beach Medical Center -
Fort Walton Beach, FL

October 2014 to February 2015

full time (36 hours/week) duties: Preparing procedure room(medications, equipment, computer charting system, xray/fluroscopy machine on) for critical procedures (AICD, Permanent Pacemakers, Electrophysiology Studies, Reveal Linqs, Cardioversions, Cardiac Ablations). Assisting as needed during long complex cases as circulating nurse and/or monitor (charting case). Monitoring critically stable/unstable patients during procedures. Providing report/escorting patient to PACU during anesthesia involved cases and/or transporting patients back to their assigned room. When census is low in pre-op unit, fully preparing patients for EP procedures, Heart catherizations, cardioversions, and TEEs. Post op care of patients after heart catherizations, Reveal Linqs, TEEs, and other procedures as needed. Working with medical product representatives during cases. Being prepared for emergent cardioversion/defibrillator situations during cases. Patient and family education.

Floating Pool RN
Cape Fear Valley Medical Center -
Fayetteville, NC

July 2014 to September 2014

per-diem (36 hours/week) duties: Employed on a float pool basis wherein I would float to work as a staff nurse on units to include: Nephrology, Observation, Med-Surg, Step-down, and Emergency Department. Required to be flexible, adjust to different patient units, and be a strong clinical, critical thinking nurse. Assigned to critical care unit patients in the Emergency Department as they await a bed.

Chest Pain Observation Unit RN
Cape Fear Valley Medical Center -
Fayetteville, NC

September 2013 to June 2014

per-diem (24 hours/week) duties: 26 bed telemetry based unit, high turnover of patients, admitting and discharging patients, patient assessments, completing care plans, obtaining MD orders, obtaining blood work to run I-STAT troponins on patients, administering medications, patient education; caring for patients pre and post stress tests, caring for patients pre and post heart catherizations with stents and Integrillin drips or heparin drips, caring for patients pre and post AICD/Pacemaker, providing quality patient care to maintain high patient satisfaction skills, interpreting cardiac rhythms. Perform as a charge nurse as needed. 
Perform as cardiac monitor technician monitoring the cardiac rhythm of up to 26 patients at once during a 12 hour shift.

Clinical Instructor RN part-time
Fayetteville Technical Community College -
Fayetteville, NC

August 2013 to May 2014

approximately 20 hours/week) duties. Fall 2013 semester clinical instructor for 2nd year generic Associate Degree in Nursing students in a Nephrology unit- 7 assigned students for clinical instruction. Spring 2014 semester clinical instructor for LPN to RN students in a medical telemetry unit- 18 assigned students for clinical instruction. I am assigned an unit at Cape Fear Valley Medical Center, wherein I serve as a clinical instructor for students. I am able to guide and teach nursing students, reinforce critical thinking skills, teach clinical nursing skills, and hold post conferences for student development. I grade students on a weekly basis and review student clinical paperwork on a weekly basis.

Cardiovascular Holding RN
Cape Fear Valley Medical Center -
Fayetteville, NC

September 2012 to August 2013

full time (40 hours/week) duties: A holding area consisting of two RNs. Duties include getting outpatient radiology patients ready for their procedure- i.e. obtaining consent, completing questionnaires, and starting IVs. Additionally, a holding area where inpatient pre- heart catherization and pre- electrophysiology patients arrive before their procedures. Additional duties include working independently, entering orders, critical thinking, and patient and family education.

Chest Pain Observation Unit RN
Cape Fear Valley Medical Center -
Fayetteville, NC

July 2010 to August 2012

full time (40 hours/week) duties: 26 bed telemetry based unit, high turnover of patients, admitting and discharging patients, patient assessments, completing care plans, obtaining MD orders, obtaining blood work to run I-STAT troponins on patients, administering medications, patient education; caring for patients pre and post stress tests, caring for patients pre and post heart catherizations with stents and Integrillin or Heparin drips, caring for patients pre and post AICD/Pacemaker, providing quality patient care to maintain high patient satisfaction levels, interpreting cardiac rhythms. Perform as a charge nurse as needed. 
Perform as cardiac monitor technician monitoring the cardiac rhythm of up to 26 patients at once during a 12 hour shift. 
 
9

Medical Intensive Care Unit RN
Cape Fear Valley Medical Center -
Fayetteville, NC

July 2009 to June 2010

full time (40 hours/ week) duties: 10 bed telemetry based unit, patient assessments, administering medications via Oral, IV, NG, OJ, and PEG tubes; completing care plans, admitting patients, obtaining MD orders, obtaining blood work, stabilizing patients, taking care of patients on ventilators, titrating critical drips to obtain desired effect (Cardizem, Cardene, Levophed, Neosynephrine, Integrillin, Dopamine, Heparin ), maintaining IV sedation while on ventilator therapy, following prescribed orders, patient and family education, working with A-lines and central lines, end-of life care, handling code and rapidly declining patient situations, wound care, troubleshooting problems involving patient's and family members. Float to SICU and CICU as needed. 
 
Clinical Rotations
Education

Certificate
University of South Alabama Mobile South Alabama, NY

2016 to 2017

Master of Science in Nursing
University of Phoenix Phoenix Phoenix, AZ

2011 to 2013

Associate in Nursing and Liberal Studies
University of California Santa Barbara, CA

2006 to 2009
Santa Barbara City College Santa Barbara, CA

2002 to 2009
Additional Information

❖ Family Nurse Practitioner, recent AANP Board Certified (pending) 
❖ Over 650 clinical hours as a family nurse practitioner student 
❖ 8 years of experience as a Registered Nurse in a variety of settings: Medical Intensive Care Unit, Chest Pain Center Unit, an outpatient procedural area with focus towards Nephrology/Cardiac procedures, clinical instructor for ADN and LVN students, float nursing pool (Nephrology, Observation, Med-Surg, Step-down, and Emergency Department), Electrophysiology lab, travel nursing assignment (Med-Surg) and Pre- Anesthesia Clinic Assessments/Preop/PACU 
 
Additional Skills 
❖ Fluent in Spanish