Internal Medicine Resident
Internal Medicine Resident

Bronx, NY

To seek a position as an Internist/ Hospitalist/Primary Care Provider
Work Experience

Internal Medicine Resident
Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai (Bronx) -
Bronx, NY

July 2011 to July 2011

North Central Bronx Hospital, Bronx, NY 
 
As a resident, managed inpatients and outpatients in hospital and clinics in a modern, well-equipped tertiary care facility and a nursing home. As part of the residency program in internal medicine that is fully accredited by the residency review 
committee of the ACGME, duties involve assessing and managing patients for clinical complaints under the guidance of faculty attendings and preceptors. Work includes taking patient history, physical examination, labs and procedures, 
assessment and treatment of acute and chronic conditions, performing and assisting in surgical procedures and acute, 
sub acute and chronic disease management and follow up care. Work also includes assessment of laboratory and investigation reports, patient education and prevention messaging along with follow up. As a senior resident/PGY3 triage 
patients to acute/subacute/floors, run BLS/ACLS codes, respond to and manage Cardiac Arrest Codes (CAC) and Rapid 
Response Teams (RRT), manage and treat patients in nursing home and primary care settings including new visits and continuity care. As member of teams, also take part in quality improvement/ rapid improvement experiments, prepare and present didactic and academic topics, present at journal clubs and evidence-based medicine meetings. Coordinate 
patient care with other residents, attendings, nursing staff, social workers and other hospital staff for complete care of the patient during hospital visit/stay and discharge planning with appropriate follow up.

Director of Public Health Programs
Medical Institute for Sexual Health -
Austin, TX

February 2008 to June 2011

Provided direction, guidance, and assistance to plan and schedule the development and implementation of research and public health projects and interventions. In consultation with other staff, plan medical and scientific educational and 
research projects; determine methods and designs to be used and analyze data to report results. Review technical 
research literature on specific medical topics, interpret and analyze findings, and report results as well as review and approve scientific materials developed in house for scientific accuracy. Work with other research staff on the development of advisories, reports, slides, manuscripts, presentations, press releases and other enduring materials. Review budgets and provide final approval. Develop and implement effective techniques for program monitoring, prepare administrative 
reports and special research reports and write grants to obtain funding. Prepare and deliver presentations on medical and health topics to academia, public and program partners.

Epidemiologist
Medical Institute for Sexual Health -
Austin, TX

February 2005 to June 2008

epidemiological and program implementation work. Work involved serving on teams of health specialists and investigating public health problems; planning, developing, coordinating, and conducting 
investigations; developing IRB materials and coordinating IRB process; designing and implementing data collection 
systems; analyzing data; and disseminating investigation results. Duties also included program planning, implementation, 
monitoring and problem solving to skillfully execute project workplans, providing consultative services and technical 
assistance to program staff, governmental agencies, community organizations, or the general public, and grantwriting. 
Prepared epidemiological reports and manuscripts and reported the results to partners and stakeholders as well as various professional, state, and national organizations.

Research & Graduate Instructional Assistant
Biostatistics and Computers in Healthcare -
San Marcos, TX

June 2003 to December 2004

College of Health Professions, Texas State University, San Marcos, Texas 
 
Assisted department chairperson, faculty members, or other professional staff members at the College of Health 
Professions by performing teaching or teaching-related duties for undergraduate level courses, developing teaching 
materials, preparing and giving examinations, and grading examinations or papers. Taught undergraduate level 
Biostatistics as well as Computers in Health care. Independently taught the lecture and laboratory classes for two 
semesters. Under the direction of the academic guide, assisted other research investigators by performing moderately 
complex research and experimentation following established protocols; performing routine project planning, observation and recording; compiling, processing and analyzing data; and reporting results. These activities culminated in a thesis 
report on improving Emergency Department processes through the novel use of Six Sigma techniques in healthcare and economic impact of improved processes.

Proctor & Reader,
Office of Disability Services -
San Marcos, TX

January 2003 to May 2003

San Marcos, Texas

Resident Medical Officer
Shroff Eye Center -
New Delhi, Delhi

April 2002 to November 2002

New Delhi, India

Junior Resident
G.B. Pant Hospital -
New Delhi, Delhi

April 2001 to April 2002

New Delhi, India, India, India
Education

Internal Medicine Residency
Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai New York, NY

July 2011

MS in Research
Texas State University San Marcos, TX

January 2003 to December 2004
Govt. Medical College Kozhikode Calicut, Kerala

September 1999 to January 2000

M.B.B.S. in Medical Co
Govt. Medical College Calicut, Kerala

March 1994 to June 1999