Accounting Manager
Manager position in FP&A/Accounting/Finance/Controlling

Irvine, CA

Highly committed results-driven senior accounting and financial management manager with more than 20 years of progressive experience in finance and local and international multi-million dollar organizations. Demonstrated ability to analyses business operations that drive growth and increase efficiency and bottom-line profit. Strong qualifications in developing and implementing financial controls, processes and ERP systems, in addition to productivity improvements in preparing financial reports. Possesses solid leadership, communication and interpersonal skills to stablish rapport with all levels of staff and management. 
CORE COMPETENCES 
• International Accounting • Financial Planning • International Business 
• Budgeting • Financial Reports • Financial Analysis 
• Forecasting • Systems Implementation • Industry research 
• Tax Planning • Financial Statements Consolidated • Design Process

Sponsorship required to work in the US
Work Experience

Accounting Manager
Distribuidora de Medicamentos Santa Cruz Ltda -
São Paulo, BR

June 2011 to July 2016

São Paulo, Brazil (2011 - 2016) 
Pharmaceutical Distributor with annual revenue $ 3.5 billion and 4,500 employees. 
Accounting Manager 
● Managed 30 employees in 4 departments: accountancy, tax, management costs, and registration. 
● Reduced the time frame of monthly closing activities, ensuring that the processes occurred in a timely, accurate and consistent manner and in accordance with Sector and Corporate guidelines. 
● Reduced taxes through analysis of opportunities as a member for accounting and tax committee. 
● Acknowledged by audit firms and the board for the high quality of financial statements and reports. 
● Ensured compliance with internal and external audits. 
● Elaborated and revised the annual financial budget and forecasts. 
● Prepared Individual and consolidated quarter and annual financial statements. 
● Implemented inventories of goods and fixed assets. 
● Elaborated monthly and ad hoc reports. 
● Implemented SAP improvements. 
● Duo diligence in the acquired company. 
● Developed and implemented Key Performance Indicators.

Controlling Manager
Sertrading S/A -
São Paulo, BR

November 2010 to May 2011

• Managed 8 employees in 3 departments: accountancy, financial budget, and credit analysis. 
• Updated the accounting that was delayed one year, and prepared the annual financial statement to help in the company selling process. 
• Prepared Individual and consolidated quarter and annual financial statements. 
• Discussed technical issues with external audits, and oriented the treasure department how to hedge the assets in accordance to the hedge accounting. 
• Elaborated, discussed and revised the annual financial budget with the board of the company.

Accounting manager
Grupo Pão de Açúcar -
São Paulo, BR

September 2007 to October 2010

São Paulo, Brazil (2007 - 2010) 
Group of retail companies with annual revenue $ 12 billion and 60 thousand employees 
Accounting manager 
• Responsible for 13 employees in accountancy department. 
• Oversee all period, quarter, and fiscal year-end financial close activities for all business units and consolidated ensuring that the closing processes occur on a timely, accurate and consistent manner throughout the organization in accordance with Sector and Corporate guidelines. 
• One of those responsible for analyzing and implementing the changes brought by the adoption to IFRS. 
• Restructured the consolidation process, Implemented SAP consolidation module (BCS) and redesigned the SOX process.

Accounting Manager
Grupo Buzolin -
São Paulo, BR

February 2006 to August 2007

• Managed 4 employees in 3 departments: accountancy, tax, and IT. 
• Supervised monthly closing activities ensuring that the processes occurred in a timely, accurate and consistent manner and in accordance with Sector and Corporate guidelines. 
• Prepared and revised annual financial statements and tax calculations. 
• Implemented the accounting and tax departments, hiring and training the staffs, which was previously done, by outsourced accounting firm. Generated improvement and agility in the process and accuracy in information. 
• Responsible for the IT area, acting directly in the improvement, correction and optimization of the Oracle Applications system in all financial modules (GL, AP, AR and RI), managing a team of one professional.
Education

Certificate in Project Management
University of California-Irvine Irvine, CA

July 2017 to September 2017

Certificate in International Business Operating and Management (GPA 4.0 out of 4.0 magna cum laude)
University of California Irvine Irvine, CA

January 2017 to March 2017

MBA in Financial Management and Controlling
Fundacao Getulio Vargas São Paulo, BR

February 2002 to June 2003

Bachelor’s in Accounting
Universidade Mackenzie São Paulo, Brazil

February 1992 to June 1997
Skills
Excel (10+ years), SAP (8 years), Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) (3 years)
Certifications/Licenses

CRC (Brazilian CPA)
Additional Information

SKILLS 
Technical: IFRS, Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) 
Computer Skills: SAP FICO, MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access)