Accounts Officer
Accounts Officer - Qmobile
Work Experience

Accounts Officer
Qmobile

March 2014 to Present

* Job Description 
* Work On Oracle 
Prepare Dealers Aging Reports 
Dealers Balance Reconciliation 
Couriers Bills Reconciliation 
Making Dealers Discounts 
Posting Of Discount & Debit Notes 
Stock Transfer Advice (STA) 
Inventory Controller 
Monitor and Control Stock 
Dispatching and Confirmation 
Make sure Daily Stock availability as per demand 
 
Training and Development: 
Attended following courses; 
Course on Advance Excel 
Three Months Accountancy Course from IPA (an Government based skill development Center) 
Finance for Non finance executives - PIMS Karachi 
Business writing skills from Winning Edge 
Course "Build your confidence" 
And Various Shell People course i.e. Code of Conduct, Anti Bribery etc

Retail Capex Officer
Shell Pakistan Limited

October 1984 to August 2010

Key responsibilities, 
Fixed Assets Accounting, ERP management - FA module and reporting: (Central finance and then in Retail Finance): 
Key Achievements: 
* In charge of Fixed Asset Additions and Disposals. Fixed Assets worth Rs: 4.4 Bln are under my responsibility. 
* Key Player in Fixed Assets Physical Verification exercise Standardized physical data and JDE data, reconciled asset details at site level and updated system. Resulted in cleansed data. 
* DNR: Key player in process simplification by shutting down DNR process that enabled Retail to save PKR: 3mln per year. 
* Analysis of CWIP: This includes ageing, project scope of work, class of asset. Maintained close working relationship with stakeholders to ensure accurate analysis and prompt follow up. Would ensure that CWIP older than 2 years was processed. 
* Preparation and Analysis of Data for unstructured decision-making: Provided vital information for CNG handover project, divestment of C4 negative sites, compliance with Manual of Authority. 
* Established controls on Assets movement/transfer process: Identified loopholes in the current procedure, suggested controls to the Finance and Network Management and implemented the same. This has led to robust control on movement of fixed assets. 
* Automation: Created templates for CNG & DNR (Delivery Notes Receipt) as well as CAPEX spend and implemented Receipt tracking in Micro Soft Access for booking of CoCo income that resulted in the reduction of 5 to 6 man-hours per activity. 
* Focal point of FA & GL Integrity: Responsible for investigating identified differences as well as taking appropriate action to resolve the issue for Corporate and Retail. 
* CNG share to DHA: Given the responsibility of monitoring, tracking and ensuring timely payments to DHA to avoid penalties amounting to approx 5mln. Close coordination with sales team fostered. 
* Subject Matter Expert for Assets in Retail and for Corporate 
* Implemented controlled process: During the Operating Platform Compliance (OPC) Project, designed the process for Fixed Assets writes off/disposal ( Rs 27 mln) that helped the OPC team to recover SPL money from Dealers. Moreover, designed control procedure to validate vendor's payments with project engineers. 
* Global SAP Implementation Super User 
Nominated as super user for fixed assets module for SAP. Supported SAP team in data cleansing exercise. 
Lead the fixed assets data conversion from JDE to SAP. Selected as a trainer for "Train the Trainer" phase.
Education

BA
Karachi University

1986
Additional Information

Key Competences: 
Expert on advance excel utilities, Power point, MSWord, JDE (ERP), and SAP super user.