IT Consultant/Contractor
IT Specialist, Consultant, and Administrator

Commerce, GA

To advance myself and my career by obtaining employment for a well-respected and growing company in the field of computer science, system administration, computer repair, graphic design, data entry, and/or marketing.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

IT Consultant/Contractor
Polymathic IT Solutions, LLC -
Athens, GA

January 2016 to Present

 Founder/Owner/Operator of Polymathic IT Solutions, LLC; an independent contracting company that offers an array of services in the field of Information Technology.  
 
 Responsible for every aspect of owning and operating an independent business venture.  
 
 Services include but are not limited to: Web Design, SEO, EHR Setup/Maintenance, Server Setup/Maintenance, Marketing, Consulting, Optimization, Custom Business Documents, Computer Repair/Setup/Maintenance, Network Setup/Maintenance, and much more.

IT Specialist/System Administrator
Athens Heart Center -
Athens, GA

June 2015 to January 2016

 Responsible for Reinstalling/Upgrading Operating Systems, Antivirus Scans, Malware And Adware Removal.  
 
 Soap Note Template Design, Increase MU numbers and maximize Chronic Care Management & AWV revenue.  
 
 Designed Marketing Materials, Banners, Flyers, Etc Monitor And Maintain Server, Collaborate With Emr Development Team And Host Meetings  
 
 Accomplishments : Designed Severa l Websites And Marketing Materials key to their aggressive Campaigns. Implement ed their EMR At Three New Locations . Upgrade d All Of The Company's 100+ Computers From XP To Windows 10 . Identified and corrected potential network vulnerabilities that could have potentially compromised gigabytes of confidential data

IT Technician
Answered by Geeks -
Gainesville, GA

April 2014 to May 2015

 Responsible for all residential clientele within the company.  
 
 Responsible for talking to every customer, identifying each unique problem and proposing the appropriate cost to repair.  
 
 Often required to identify hardware and software issues, research solutions, re-install operating systems, back-up and restore data, scan for and eliminate viruses and other malware, remotely determine and resolve common issues.  
 
 Accomplishments: A+ certification; certification on the basic principles of information technology and computer repair.

IT Specialist
Whitmer and Law -
Gainesville, GA

December 2012 to April 2014

 Responsible for maintenance and troubleshooting of all computers and printers at the firm.  
 
 Main priority was developing a filing system for the closed cases of the two main partners.  
 
 Responsible for filing recently closed cases and for finding client files when needed.  
 
 Accomplishments: Sorted and separated over 100 banker's boxes of f iles, some dating back to the 70's. Created a search - able database for the last ten years of files, sorted and grouped by the year in which it was closed

Paralegal/IT System Administrator
Barbara Cole Attorney at Law -
Gainesville, GA

December 2012 to June 2013

 Responsible for assisting in the preparation of bankruptcy proceedings for residential and business clientele.  
 
 Responsible for all post-orientation correspondence and acquisition of any documentation requested by the attorney.  
 
 Responsible for maintaining confidentiality during all correspondence with clientele via telephone, email, or in person.  
 
 Created practice documentation, including orientation checklist, filing instructions, reference and how-to guides.  
 
 Accomplishments: Acquired invaluable information and experience with a former judge and legal professional. Assisted in the accurate completion of over 50 cases.

EHR/Medical Billing/IT System Administrator
Mountain Laurel Medical Clinics, LLC -
Clayton, GA

April 2011 to December 2012

 Responsible for installation and execution of the electronic health record system, including the input and management of all users.  
 
 Responsible for the input and transition of all [paper] patient records into electronic format. Developed custom S.O.A.P. Notes and diagnostics entries.  
 
 Often responsible for receptionist duties of taking payments, scheduling appointments, answering the phone, etc.  
 
 Responsible for training all employees on EHR and billing software functionality. Created all of the practice's forms, including the physician's business card.  
 
 Accomplishments: Effectively completed setting up the EHR and medical billing system for the practice. Completed transferring all paper records into electronic format. Primary designer and creator of all business documents and marketing material.

Sales Representative
Verizon -
Atlanta, GA

April 2010 to January 2011

 Commission based sales incentive; pay based on multi-tier program that requires individual performance tracking.  
 
 Developed subtle sales tactics to achieve quotas in all categories.  
 
 Responsible for individual and store sales goals; achieved by exceptional customer service reinforced by immaculate product knowledge and sales methods.  
 
 Accomplishments: Reached commission status a month prior to standard training requirements, Met all categories and quotas in the first month, Established respectable clientele base within the first month.

Assistant Store Manager
Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation -
Dawsonville, GA

May 2006 to April 2010

 Managed all aspects of store operations in Training/DSM store, including controllable expenses and payroll allocation.  
 
 Responsible for productivity and profitability of the store, including sales growth, staffing and inventory.  
 
 Responsible for hiring,, training, motivating, and developing support management and sales staff.  
 
 Responsible for executing visual merchandising directives, updates and markdowns in a timely and effecient manner.  
 
 Communicate and build rapport within the company, with mall management and with other merchants.  
 
 Accompl ishments: Highest Volume Store in District, Assisted in the Training and Development of Seven Store Managers in Distric

Floor Supervisor
Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation -
Commerce, GA

June 2005 to May 2006

 Assist senior management with store operations including; merchandising, shipping/receiving and logistics.  
 
 Oversee and maintain customer service standards inside the store.  
 
 Motivate and develop sales staff to meet store goals and objectives.  
 
 Accomplishments: Highest rated store in the district for Customer Service, Highest Decrease in Shrinkage in the District, Recruited and Promoted to Assistant Manager by DSM.

Sales Representative
Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation -
Commerce, GA

April 2005 to June 2005

 Effectively perform customer service by maximizing product knowledge and by knowing clientele base.  
 
 Develop skills in building sales and customer accommodation.  
 
 Accomplishments: Achieved Promotion for Outstanding Performance after Two Months
Education

Bachelor's (NC) in Biology/Pre-Med
Georgia State University Atlanta, GA

August 2009 to May 2013

Associate in Business Administration
University of North Georgia Gainesville, GA

August 2006 to May 2009
Skills
Sales (6 years), Marketing (4 years), Payroll (4 years), Scheduling (4 years), Administrative Skills (10+ years), Retail Management (4 years), Medical Records (2 years), Medical Billing (2 years), It Project Management (3 years), Website Design (7 years), Computer Repair (7 years), Paralegal (Less than 1 year), SEO (3 years), Network Administration (7 years)
Additional Information

Related Skills 
• Proficient in all Microsoft Office Software (including related counterparts like Open Office, Corel, 
etc.) Especially gifted with Excel (aka CALC, etc.). Job related applications include designing and 
implementing spreadsheets for payroll, scheduling, and sales forecasting. 
• Advanced knowledge of most computer operating systems. 
• Experiencing using Sales Force with small business systems to organize and expand their 
possibilities. 
• Advanced managerial competencies and people skills. Able to work well alone or within in a team. 
• Advanced computer skills include: Familiarity with engineering software, including: AUTOCAD, 
DATACAD, and Rhino; Eight drafting and engineering courses in high school and various 
Computer Information courses in college. 
• Experience using a wide range of Electronic Health Record systems. 
• Experience setting up a Vonage based call center. 
• Experience using Photoshop, Publisher and other programs to create distributable marketing and 
informational material.