Teaching assistant
Teaching assistant

Columbia, MO
Work Experience

Teaching assistant
Civil & Engineering Department

July 2017 to July 2017

Teaching fundamental of environmental engineering laboratory.

Research assistant
Civil & Engineering Department -
March, MO

March 2016 to March 2016

March 2016- 
Present. Research involved: 
• Identification of the highly reliable volatile biomarkers for early detection of endometrial 
cancer. 
• Determination of volatile organic compounds in childcare centers. 
• Effectiveness of engineered wetlands in removing PPCPs in municipal wastewater. 
• Isotope profiling and quantification of 2,4-Dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D) degradation 
byproducts. 
• Sulfamethazine and oxytetracycline byproducts identification and quantification. 
• Endocrine disruptors identification in hydraulic fracturing samples.

Assistant Lecturer
Environmental Engineering Dept

September 2010 to November 2013

University-Iraq.

Construction Supervisor
Department of Construction

September 2005 to November 2013

Engineering Affairs, University of Tikrit. 
• June 2006 -December 2006, Implemented a wastewater network project for the city of Tikrit.

Manager of Feasibility Study
Department of Construction Engineering

July 2010 to October 2013

Affairs, University of Tikrit.
Education

Ph.D. in Civil and Environmental Engineering
University of Missouri Columbia, MO

December 2018

Master's in Environmental Engineering
University of Tikrit

September 2010

Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering
University of Tikrit

July 2005
Skills
WASTEWATER (8 years), ANALYZER (Less than 1 year), AUTOCAD (Less than 1 year), DATA ANALYSIS (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information

Knowledge and Skills 
• Proficiency in water and wastewater treatment design and facility 
• XCMS platform and Metabolomic profiling 
• Software: Biowin, AutoCAD, Arch GIS, Chemstation Software - GCMS/LCMS Deconvolution 
Software 
• Data analysis: Systat, statistica, Origin and all microsoft office operating systems 
• Instrumentation: HPLC, LC-MS/MS, GC-MS/MS, SEM, TEM, FTIR, BET surface area analyzer, XRD, 
Raman Spectrometer, Zeta sizer.