Director of Operations and Business Development
Operations & General Management

Cedahurst, NY

Driven management professional with 9+ years experience in Operations, team leadership, management, fitness, Event and Project development with a reputation for displaying professionalism in planning, overseeing programs, driving and perfecting department, supervising staff of 30+ and budget control management. Extensive history in providing excellent service and tenacious follow-up and an outstanding reputation for displaying professionalism. 
 
A proactive group leader and team player, always seeking to use relevant skills to achieve goals set.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Director of Operations and Business Development
Pump Active INC -
West Hempstead, NY

July 2015 to Present

Business development, operation management 
Development of classes, programs and projects 
Office management, payroll, social media, business accountancy 
Recruitment & Human Resources 
Training, leadership and customer service 
Marketing and Sales

Social Media Manager and CEO Assistant
LessOil LLC -
New York, NY

February 2016 to March 2017

Social Media Development 
CEO Scheduling and business operations 
Online Marketing 
Customer Satisfaction 
Sales

Operations Manager
Pomegranate -
New York, NY

January 2014 to July 2015

Pomegranate Supermarket, Brooklyn, New York (2014 - 2015) 
Store Manager 
 
Originally hired as a ‘Rotation Manager’ to be briefly trained in all departments in order to cover for other department leaders when needed.  
Quickly earned the trust of owner/executive staff, leading to extensive expansion of duties and responsibility; promoted to store manager of the main grocery department, buying department, inventory &amp; product control, recruitment and scheduling. Duties involved daily staff management and supervision, Recruitment, vendor orders and inventory management, buying and profit management, and formal written evaluations of weekly operations to ensure success in department. 
 
Notable Achievements: 
Drove all efforts to maintain the highest level of merchandise standards 
Active role in weekly volunteer coordination for special needs students. 
Proven improvement of customer service skills from team building &amp; leadership. 
Proven improvement of employee and department communication. 
Track records of meeting deadlines with follow-up evaluations.

Director of Informal Education & Events Development
Hasmonean Academy -
London, Greater London

September 2011 to July 2013

Responsibilities 
Head of department 
Project & Event Development on a daily basis 
Management of under-heads 
Recruitment 
Raiser's Edge 
B2B Marketing 
Action Planning 
Written formal evaluations 
Budget management 
Development of trips both in and out of the country 
 
Accomplishments 
Developed new events and activities for the academy which still occur. 
 
Coordinator of trip to Poland, attracting over 40 students. 
 
Development and coordination of large successful & charitable campaign involving 600 students and over 20 business across London. 
 
Public Speaking to audiences of 50 - 1000 
 
Skills Used 
Management 
Social Media & networking 
B2B Marketing 
Action Planning 
Written formal evaluations 
Budget management

General Manager
Slice Restaurant -
London, Greater London

October 2008 to August 2011

Position as General manager for a chain of 3 restaurants. 
Training staff and recruitment, business management, money management, payroll, daily management of the restaurant. Process orders and deliveries from vendors of ingredients and food production. 
 
Business & Restaurant manager. 
Management of under-heads. 
Recruitment 
Money Management 
Payment to under-heads. 
Customer satisfaction. 
Risk assessment + Health & Safety
Education

BA in Psychology & Criminology
University of Westminster

2008 to 2011

A Level in English Literature, Art, Religion Studies...etc
Hasmonean High School London

1998 to 2006

Diploma in Operation Management
Online New York, NY
Skills
Operations, Management, Event Development, Sales, Google Docs, Dropbox, Numbers,Social Media & Marketing, Microsoft Office, Raisers Edge, CRM database, POS systems (9 years)