Financial and Management accounting and UK Taxation
Financial and Management accounting and UK Taxation - Self-employed ACCA

Corvallis, OR

I am a qualified UK Chartered Certified Accountant, licensed ACCA general practitioner, qualified AAT assessor and an international lecturer in Financial Reporting, UK Taxation, Business Mathematics, Management Accounting, Numeracy and ESOL. 
 
My practical experience in the accounting environment spans over 20 years involved in: accounting systems development; preparation of financial statements for both internal and external user; audit of small and medium - sized businesses and taxation work. 
 
My accountancy teaching experience spans 15 years teaching from ground zero on AAT and CAT, managerial level of CIMA and to the final level of ACCA and on ACCA accredited degree programmes and has involved teaching in varying environments both in the UK and overseas in Eastern Europe, Central Asia and Far East Asia. 
 
Valuable experience has been gained in my career to date from working in a variety of dynamic, demanding and challenging work environments where I feel I have developed the following qualities: 
 
1. Capacity to work both on my own initiative and as a team member. 
2. Ability to communicate effectively at all levels whilst exercising tact and diplomacy. 
 
3. Ability to manage, organise, co-ordinate and carry out tasks competently, with enthusiasm and in a timely fashion. 
 
4. Strong analytical abilities, with attention to detail, a creative slant and an enquiring mind. 
 
5. Strong desire and ability to train, develop, encourage and motivate people to give of their best - believing positive feedback wins. 
 
6. Strong will and drive to attain continuous personal improvement - a characteristic compatible with Total Quality Management. 
 
7. Excellent timekeeper and work hard, play hard attitude to life. 
 
8. International promotion of British professional accounting qualifications - ACCA and CIMA 
9. Use of a variety of information technology packages, including: word-processing, spreadsheets, e-mail, Internet, various accounting packages for payroll and accounts production.
Work Experience

Financial and Management accounting and UK Taxation
Self-employed ACCA

February 2010 to Present

on ACCA CAT and Professional qualifications, AAT technician qualifications, along with ACCA accredited accountancy-related degree programmes.

Lead assessor at BPP Shepherds Bush on financial accounting
BPP Professional Education -
London

June 2009 to February 2010

London): AAT Assessor (with 20% teaching load on AAT) at largest BPP AAT centre in the UK. 
 
Assessing any AAT unit, feedback to students, teaching corporate client students, AAT IT systems modification. Lead assessor at BPP Shepherds Bush on financial accounting, tax and management accounting. Assessing all units on the AAT except unit 10 at present. AAT Master-classes attended in Cash Management and Credit Control and UK Taxation. Training undertaken in Camtasia video presentation software.

Part-time sole ACCA general practitioner
Recovering

August 2008 to June 2009

from a damaged back that required spinal surgery.

Sole practitioner Chartered Certified Accountant, based
University of Cumbria and ACCA -
Carlisle

January 2008 to July 2008

Cumbria and registered tuition provider with the ACCA of ACCA and CAT and Professional qualifications. 
 
Developing business through advertising and networking, client meetings to determine services required, advice on business set-up, bookkeeping/accounting systems set-up, year-end accounts preparation and tax computations, completion of and filing of tax returns with HMRC, raising sales invoices and credit control over receivables, correspondence with clients/HMRC and suppliers. Organising seminar to attempt to develop local accountancy tuition for professional accountancy qualifications within Cumbria, in co-operation with University of Cumbria and ACCA. 
 
July to December 2007 
Accountancy temping work in preparation for self-employment.

Corporate Tax senior trial employment
Chartered Accountants -
Stoke-on-Trent

April 2007 to June 2007

- on - Trent office. Decided not to continue with my trial full-time employment due to difficulties in commuting from Oldham each day (3.5 hours). 
 
Reviewing junior staff accountancy work and tax computations, preparation of tax computations, preparation of and reflection of journal entries into accountancy and tax software, correspondence with clients and HMRC, liaising with departmental staff. 
 
February 2007 to April 2007 
Out of work in UK
British Council and ACCA -
Manila

July 2006 to January 2007

Moved to the financial district of Manila (the Capital city) of the Philippines to focus full time on market development of ACCA/CAT and CIMA in the Philippines with a view to delivering exam-based training. My efforts were supported by the ACCA and CIMA which are UK based professional accountancy bodies with global credibility and acceptability and the British Council. 
 
Market research into prospects of establishing a specialist accountancy tuition centre to offer accountancy tuition for British professional accountancy qualifications. Pioneered, organized and presented (in association with the British Council and ACCA) a seminar to develop British educational opportunities in the Philippines.

Chief Executive and Financial Controller
Southern Philippines -
PH

November 2004 to July 2006

own business): Development of Commercial Farm project (Rubber, pineapple, Banana and various short-crops) in Southern Philippines. Also, part-time exam marking (Financial reporting) for AAT (major accounting body in UK) and tentative market development of ACCA and CIMA in the Philippines. 
 
Own business: business planning, land acquisition and development of 30 hectare (4-site) plantation. Materials and resources acquisition, work and resource logistics, management of 60 staff through 3 managers, bookkeeping and financial control over business, payroll, wages preparation, submission of tax returns and correspondence with tax authorities. 
 
Exam-marking: Attendance at examiners meeting, marking high volume students scripts to strict time and quality constraints. Writing exam reports connected with exam paper and student performance.

Full time senior lecturer on ACCA
Dublin Business School -
Kuala Lumpur

July 2004 to November 2004

professional programme and on final year diploma programme (accredited by ACCA), teaching Financial Accounting (International Accounting Standards) 
 
Course development, teaching material and exam creation, academic year course delivery, assessment - classroom and formal exam, exam marking and feedback/reports.

Freelance ACCA/CIMA tutor
China and Bulgaria

February 2003 to June 2004

working with a variety of private colleges, specializing in UK Taxation and Financial Accounting (International Accounting Standards). 
 
Course development, material preparation and intensive course delivery to international students in their locality to assist with passing British professional accountancy qualifications (ACCA and CIMA)

Managing Director of British
Ukrainian joint venture named BPP Ukraine -
UA

October 2002 to February 2003

engaged to assess the potential for developing a business training college serving the whole of the Ukraine in respect of British (internationally recognized) professional accounting qualifications (ACCA and CIMA). Due to difficulties with the joint venture agreement and lack of take-up of clientele in the Ukraine, the British arm of the joint venture decided to cease progress with the joint venture and pulled out of the Ukraine. I was offered an alternative employment position based in Poland which I decided to reject due to the unsuitability of the location and reduced seniority attached to the alternative. 
 
Marketing of BBP brand in Ukraine to big 4 audit companies and recruiting/interviewing tutors and admin staff. Delivery of taster courses to local students.

Market research and development work on CIMA
CIMA professional programme -
Москва

September 2000 to April 2002

September 2000 to April 2002 
Exam-based training provider in Financial Reporting (UK and International Accounting Standards) and UK Taxation at all levels of the ACCA and Foundation and Intermediate level of CIMA qualifications. Training provided so far (on freelance basis) for Emile Woolf International in China and Azerbaijan on the CIMA professional programme and for Moore Stephens in Russia and the Ukraine on the ACCA professional programme. Market research and development work on CIMA/ACCA undertaken in the Philippines and also on ACCA in the Russian Far East. Most recently employed full-time by an ex-client (Moore Stephens) as Head of Training for their offices in the CIS and based in Moscow, Russia. Unfortunately needed to give up this position and return to UK due to family complications. 
 
Materials development and intensive course delivery to prepare overseas students in their own locality for British professional accountancy qualifications. Assessing exam-training needs of client staff.

Full-time lecturer
ATC International -
Moscow, UK

August 1998 to September 2000

- first 18 months UK based, last 6 months living in Moscow (Russia), lecturing: ACCA Papers 7 and 11 (UK Taxation), Paper 3 (Management 
Information - management accounting and quantitative methods), Paper 1, 10 and 13 (Financial Reporting) - based on International Accounting Standards and CIMA Papers 5 and 9 (Financial Reporting) based on UK Accounting Standards and Paper 12 (UK taxation) to mainly western company employees in Central Asia and Eastern Europe. Lectures given in: Moscow, Vladivostok, St. Petersburg, Kiev, Warsaw, Poznan, Krakow, Almaty (Kazakhstan) and Baku (Azerbaijan) 
 
Teaching material developed for the IASC on lAS 7 Cash Flow Statements. 
 
Preparation and delivery of intensive professional accountancy courses across Central Asia and Eastern Europe. Development of internet teaching material for the on IAS 7 for IASC.

Full time lecturer
Cornwall Business School, namely

July 1997 to August 1998

in Financial Reporting and UK taxation on all levels of the AAT and ACCA exam programmes at Cornwall Business School, namely: AAT units 1 to 5 plus 7 to 8 and 19, ACCA Papers 7, 10, 11 and 13 (UK taxation and UK Accounting Standards) 
 
Part-time marker for AAT external exams. 
Preparation of teaching material and teaching accountancy technician and professional accountancy qualifications (from lowest level of NVQ to masters-degree level accountancy) within academic programme to UK students. 
 
Exam-marking: Attendance at examiners meeting, marking high volume students scripts to strict time and quality constraints. Writing exam reports connected with exam paper and student performance

Part time lecturer
13 and ACCA Paper 3

March 1997 to June 1997

with 2 colleges: 
-- AT Emile Woolf College of Accountancy in Leeds on AAT units 11, 12, 13 and ACCA Paper 3 
-- Dewsbury College on AAT units 7 and 8 
 
Part time accounting practice work with Salter and Co (see below) 
 
Preparation of teaching material and teaching accountancy technician accountancy qualifications (from NVQ Level 2 to NVQ toLevel 4) as a part-time tutor on 6-monthly programmes to UK students. 
 
Book-keeping assignments. Preparation of management accounts and year end accounts for SMEs. External audit of Limited companies. Tax computations and returns. Correspondence with clients and HMRC.
Salter & Co

December 1996 to March 1997

for SMEs. External audit of Limited companies. Tax computations and returns. Correspondence with clients and HMRC. 
 
Sep 1995 to Dec 1996
Diphe in accountancy -
Manchester

September 1995 to July 1996

plus intensive part-time course (ACCA finals) at Emile Woolf college, Manchester.

Audit senior
Salter & Co -
Cheadle, Cheshire, UK

June 1991 to September 1995

reporting to sole practitioner) 
-- Administration, preparation and audit of small to medium-sized business financial statements (incl. Specialised audits of solicitors and charities) 
 
-- Preparation and administration of VAT Returns 
 
-- Preparation of tax computations for sole traders, partnerships and limited companies along with correspondence with Inland Revenue and clients 
 
-- Preparation and administration of payroll and end-of-year PAYE returns 
 
-- Audit of manual and computerised systems and a large amount of spreadsheet work (Lotus 1-2-3) 
 
* Specialisation in accounts production for professional singers and sportspersons

Company accountant
Dial a Phone PLC -
Hyde, Cheshire, UK

August 1988 to June 1991

Reporting to Finance Director) 
 
-- Computerised high volume, complex manual financial reporting system 
 
-- Trained and supervised 10 general accounting staff 
 
-- Co-ordinated/produced monthly management accounts and year-end financial statements 
 
-- Production of quarterly group VAT returns and correspondence with Customs and Excise 
 
-- Preparation of group projected Profit and Loss Account, Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Statement

Audit semi-senior
International Chartered Accountants -
Thornton

June 1987 to August 1988

general practice department) 
 
-- Work very similar to Salter & Co (above) but with more supervision by a departmental manager 
-- Secondments to tax and management consultancy departments, along with special assignment to project involving Stockbrokers accounting system breakdown

Volunteer work - Teaching assistant
Maunatlala

January 1987 to June 1987

Botswana, Africa 
 
Teaching assistant of mathematics and business studies to secondary school students and football coach in remote village in Kalahari dessert in Botswana.
Grant Thornton -
Thornton

July 1985 to January 1987

- see above) 
 
Book-keeping assignments. Preparation of management accounts and year end accounts for SMEs. External audit of Limited companies. Tax computations and returns. Correspondence with clients and HMRC.

Trainee accountant
Holden Harrison & Co -
Manchester

July 1982 to July 1985

Institute of Chartered Accountants training contract) 
 
-- Work very similar to Salter & Co but progression from junior member of staff to semi-senior status 
 
-- Wide range of accounts preparation, auditing, taxation, correspondence with clients and tax authorities, along with specialised tax administration work 
 
I began my accountancy career with Ferranti Limited in 1979 as a trainee management accountant, having progressed from the shop floor where I worked as a printed circuit board assembler wired up military computer hardware. By sheer hard work and determination, I managed to gain training with a Chartered Accountants before attending Manchester university, where I gained 6th place from 90 students on the Institute of chartered Accountants Foundation course in 1982, thus enabling me to gain a training contract with Holden Harrison & Co (Chartered Accountants), a very well respected small to medium firm in Manchester. 
 
In my spare time, holidays from college and any periods in which I have been out of work, I have carried out volunteer work such as: Teaching Mathematics and Business Studies in Botswana (Africa), teaching English to speakers of other languages [ESOL] in the community, teaching numeracy and accountancy as part of teacher training in community and further education, general volunteer work with Age Concern. 
 
SPARE TIME ACTIVITIES 
My leisure activities include: Hiking, traveling, black and white photography, cooking and third-world culture.
Education

Diploma in Higher Education
Huddersfield University

1996

certificate in teaching
Open University

1995
Additional Information

QUALIFICATIONS 
 
2000 RSA Clait and IBT II Business Technology Certificates 
 
1998 Institute of Management TDLB Assessors Certificates - D32 and D33 
 
1997 Associate Member of the Chartered Association of Certified Accountants 
(4th place in the world sitting in Tax Planning in December 1996 with 83%). 
 
1997 Member of Association of Accounting Technicians