Administrative Assistant

San Ramon, CA

20 years of experience providing polished, dedicated and outcome-oriented administrative support, adept at effective customer service, producing positive results by delivering outstanding executive expertise, strategic solutions, team and skilled proficiencies to meet or exceed established benchmarks. Proven record of providing superior support to upper management and staff. Demonstrated aptitude for multitasking in a fast-paced environment, and performing multiple tasks simultaneously while maintaining efficient operations. Capacity for applying solid interpersonal and communication skills to develop and maintain strong business relationships. Office and project-management abilities with a strong adherence to confidentiality and discretion.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Administrative Assistant
RINA Accountancy Corporation

2011 to Present

Provide full support to the firm assisting Accountants, Managers and Shareholders. Accurately and efficiently format, proof, finalize firm documents. Monitor, prioritize and process work-flow in a timely manner for the firm. Assist with other administrative duties, including but not limited to office administration, partner support and other department support as needed. 
➢ Answer phones, direct phone calls and greet clients 
➢ Assembling tax returns, including all attachments for e-file and paper-file 
➢ Releasing e-files 
➢ Oversee supply inventory and ordering 
➢ Manage firm calendar and client networking appointment scheduling 
➢ Oversee mail distribution, shipping and deliveries 
➢ Document scanning and photocopying 
➢ Contacting, writing and emailing clients 
➢ Organize meetings, as well as update accounting and business records 
➢ Prepare letters which includes, drafting and editing 
➢ Creating and processing organizers for clients 
➢ Preparing, scanning and validating tax documents for staff members and mangers 
➢ Create firmflow and engagement binders, maintaining and updating client database 
➢ Maintaining the general filing system and accounting documents 
➢ Perform special projects as requested by management

Office Services Supervisor I
State Compensation Insurance Fund

2001 to 2011

• Program Technician Supervisor I 
• Office Assistant Range B 
 
Held various positions which demonstrated the ability to advance within the company. Excelled at providing administrative support to staff, management and leadership. Outstanding communication skills to compose, edit and transmit interoffice correspondence, letters, reports, and confidential documents. Oversee various functions and coordinate administrative workflow proficiencies. Assured compliance with Corporate District Office standards. Interacted with medical providers offering clarity and explanations concerning payments. 
 
➢ Recruit, hire, train, developed, evaluate and discipline unit personnel 
➢ Organize, direct, monitor assigned staff and operations for accuracy, productivity and coverage 
➢ Maintained accurate records, measured work production and prepared statistical reports 
➢ Reliably planned and organized meetings 
➢ Coordinated with Audit Department for claims 
➢ Chaired State Charitable Campaign Program for more than 5 years 
➢ Served on various company and departmental committees 
➢ Operated phone system and computer equipment 
➢ Perform special projects as requested by management
Skills
Customer Engagement (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), database (6 years), Database Management (Less than 1 year), Management, Microsoft Office, File Management (10+ years)
Additional Information

CORE COMPETENCIES 
 
✓ Solid Experience to Successfully Meet Demanding Performance Requirements 
✓ Persuasive Customer Engagement Skills 
✓ Diverse Experience in Leadership, Customer Service and Office Management 
✓ Excellent Work Ethic: Punctual, Reliable, Dedicated 
✓ Detail-Focused to Retrieve Accurate Information 
✓ Filing Systems and Records Organization 
✓ Influential, Precise Communication 
✓ Proficient in finding resolutions to problems 
✓ Outstanding Customer Services Skills 
✓ MS Office Suite, Database Management, Office Technology