Medicine Associate

Greensboro, NC

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Medicine Associate
Patheon softgels inc. -
High Point, NC

May 2016 to Present

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
Works safely to prevent on the job accidents and injuries by observing moving equipment; adhering to all job safety procedures; attending plant safety training; shift safety meetings; adhering to lockout/tag out procedures; wearing appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) such as captive clothing, steel-toe shoes, respirators, and additional gowning if necessary. 
Able to be adaptable to a dynamic work environment. 
At batch initiation and during batch processing performs the following: check lot numbers; check weights; check raw material lot numbers; check part numbers; ensure expiration dates are within acceptable range by comparing the various print-outs and labels with the batch processing record (BPR). 
Follows BPR instructions as guided. This includes various types of manipulation of raw material that results in completed fill component in manufacturing. 
Reads and adhere to workplace policies, procedures, and guidelines including standard operational procedures (SOPs), batch processing records (BPRs), current good manufacturing procedures (cGMPs), material safety data sheet (MSDS), various departmental documents, employee handbook, and company bulletins. 
Ensures all documentation in official records are accurate, clearly written, and errors are corrected in accordance to SOP, properly initialed and dated. 
Confirms via signature or initials of work performed by other medicine associates at each step by checking work and signing log books, medicine cards, and BPRs. 
Verifies work performed by being physical present when work is done and confirms verification by signature or initialing. Verification is stipulated at certain parts of the BPR. 
Weigh raw materials (RM) in powder room, dependant on amount, in accordance to work instruction (WI) for scale. Properly identify and store weighed RM; complete BPR as weighing is completed; wear appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE); complete partial weigh form and affix to raw material drum after weighing of RM is completed. 
Performs all cleaning in medicine area and perform all equipment cleaning in the medicine department in accordance to WI. 
Properly and safely use all medicine equipment in accordance to WIs for each piece of equipment. 
Able to safely use general equipment such as pallet jacks and hoists. 
Perform mixing for medicine for specified time; make documentation on BPR; and take to dispensing area. 
Move skid with drums of softlet cores from warehouse to softlet room; lift softlet drums using the hydraulic drum lifter to fill totes to specified weight with the aid of the scale. Record data on BPR and all necessary logbooks and tote cards. 
As directed by BPR obtain fill samples and transport to medicine office for further disposition. An entry is made into designated logbook and samples are stored or delivered to quality control (QC) lab. 
Retrieve all raw materials from gray zone in warehouse with the aid of a pallet jack. 
Perform yield and manufacturing loss calculations in the BPR. 
Add nitrogen blanket to tank headspace in accordance to BPR. 
Perform other business related duties as needed.

Customer Service Representative
Conduit Global -
McLeansville, NC

May 2013 to December 2014

Patience  
Attentive  
Clear communication skills

Yard Worker
DH Griffin Wrecking Co -
Greensboro, NC

January 2012 to May 2013

Recycling

Cook/Cashier
Cookout -
Greensboro, NC

July 2008 to December 2011

Fry cook 
Cashier 
Grill 
Board station 
Assist open/close store
Education

Diploma in High School Diploma
Dudley High School Greensboro, NC

August 2006 to June 2010

Bachelor's in Business Administration concentration in Financial Analysis
Kaplan University-Davenport Campus

March 2017
Additional Information

Skills: 
 
Analytical  
Adaptable  
Quick Learner  
Flexible  
Responsible  
Able to Operate Under Pressure  
Efficient  
Detail-oriented