Student Teacher
Student Teacher

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Student Teacher
Lafayette High School & Chesterfield Elementary -
Chesterfield, MO

September 2017 to November 2017

This experience, more than any other, depicts the teacher that I am. While learning to take part in a full-time professional and educational setting for the first time, I my professional development by utilizing reflective practices, Backwards Design, and Universal Design for Learning. I maintained trusting relationships with students in first grade through eleventh grade by practicing unconditional teaching for whomever was in the classroom/school/community, and taught meaningful, useful content that applied directly to the students' lives.

Baseball coach & Gymnastics coach - Spring and Summer
Flagstaff Unified School District

June 2015 to September 2015

145+ Practicum Observation Hours in Flagstaff Unified School District 
Level 1 Challenge Course Facilitator Training - Summer 2016

Teacher's Assistant
Northern Arizona University -
Flagstaff, AZ

September 2014 to March 2015

Flagstaff, Arizona 
In a professional colligate setting, I effectively communicated with peers and students to meet everyone's individual needs. I provided honest feedback and appropriate guidance as seen fit. Providing individual accommodations helped me learn to help others to advocate for themselves.

Volunteer
Adaptive Skiing Special Olympics -
Flagstaff, AZ

2014 to 2015

These are the most meaningful experiences of my teaching career outside of the classroom. Adaptive skiing gives me a concrete model of what it means to meet the individual needs of multiple individuals simultaneously. As I skied backwards supporting the athletes, the joy on their faces' and mine will be unmatched by any extrinsic reward.

Counselor-in-Training/Lifeguard
Camp Sabra

June 2011 to August 2011

Lake of the Ozarks, Missouri 
This is where my passion for education was born and where I began to desire to help individuals understand and deal with complexities in their lives'. The "objective" of camp is essentially to create life-long learners. I did so while allowing individuals to explore and formulate their own identities and test social constructs while I remained an impartial but reliable mediator. 
 
OTHER RELEVANT & MEANINGFUL EXPERIENCES

Summer Camp Counselor
College of Education

2010 to 2011

2012, 2013, & 2014 
College of Education: Havasupai Service Hike - Spring 2016
Education

Bachelor of Science in Education
NORTHERN ARIZONA UNIVERSITY Flagstaff, AZ

December 2017