Office Receptionist
Office Receptionist

Oxford, MS

A highly competent and resourceful individual with knowledge of planning, public relations and marketing. Motivated and passionate 
about helping others and working with children. Experienced in directing groups of people, marketing, budgeting, planning and 
decision making. Excellent with organizing, fundraising and supervising events.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Office Receptionist
PATTERSON SCHOOL OF ACCOUNTANCY

April 2014 to May 2016

Duties: 
• Assisted in document scanning and logged them into the Accounting school's proprietary computer system for future review 
by other internal staff members. 
• Assisted in answering incoming calls helping in resolving issues with both faculty and students. 
• Assisted in preparing promotional and informational materials for Accountancy Weekend with 200+ attendees.

Student Tax Clerk
TAX TECHNOLOGY PLUS

January 2016 to March 2016

Duties: 
• Assisted clients with important tax paperwork 
• Input client's tax information, scanned important documents and logged them into the firm's computer system for future 
review by other internal staff members. 
• Assisted in answering incoming calls helping in resolving issues with clients.

Student Caller
OLE MISS CALLING CENTER

July 2015 to November 2015

Duties: 
• Contacted current donors, parents of current students and alumni for gift donations. 
• Raised $50,000+ in donations for the Alumni Association. 
• Used superb customer service and communication skills.
Education

Bachelor of Business Administration in General Business
UNIVERSITY OF MISSISSIPPI Oxford, MS

May 2017
Skills
Bookkeeping (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), Project Management (Less than 1 year), Receptionist (2 years)
Additional Information

Core Competencies 
Customer Service Computer Competency Leadership 
Detailed and Organized Project Management Client Service 
 
Additional Skills 
• Proficient Bookkeeping 
• Advanced in Microsoft Office 
• Proficient typing skills (40WPM) 
• Advanced in creating and distributing promotional content 
• Approach all work activities with deliberate focus to ensure that each task is completed correctly, efficiently, and effectively.