IT Technician
IT Technician - Team Logic IT

Leesburg, VA

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

IT Technician
Team Logic IT -
Ashburn, VA

October 2017 to Present

Set up workstations with computers and necessary peripheral devices (routers, printers etc.) 
Check computer hardware (HDD/SSD, mouses, keyboards etc.) to ensure functionality. Install and configure appropriate software and functions according to specifications. Develop and maintain local 
networks in ways that optimize performance. Ensure security and privacy of networks and computer 
systems. Provide orientation and guidance to users on how to operate new software and computer 
equipment. Organize and schedule upgrades and maintenance without deterring others from completing their work. Perform troubleshooting to diagnose and resolve problems (repair or replace 
parts, debugging etc.) Maintain records/logs of repairs and fixes and maintenance schedule. Identify 
computer or network equipment shortages and place orders. Manage all aspects of IT services for a professional work environment including visiting on-site or managing through a cloud workspace 
environment. Knowledge of Linux, Microsoft, and MacOS operating systems.

Mobile Sales Consultant
AT&T -
Leesburg, VA

November 2015 to November 2017

Ability to handle many service inquiries on a daily basis from customers. Provide efficient, courteous 
customer service and assist in all aspects of product offerings and services. Ensure an extraordinary 
customer experience. Able to assist in device troubleshooting from laptops to mobile devices entirely, as well as configuring devices to make use simple and efficient. Retain full knowledge of device repair. 
Develop and attain customer experience and sales objectives. Sell all products and services offered by AT&T including security systems and television services. Meet all sales objectives on a consistent basis. 
Handle all administrative aspects of the sale including: completing customer contracts and warranties, 
accepting customer payments and filing the completed orders. Maintain strong knowledge of all 
products, accessories, pricing plans, promotions and service features. Provide critical market feedback to the Store Manager regarding local competition and product/service needs.

Security Officer
S.A.M -
Fairfax, VA

July 2014 to November 2015

Patrol industrial and commercial premises to prevent and detect signs of intrusion and ensure security of doors, windows, and gates. Monitor and authorize entrance and departure of employees, visitors, and 
other persons to guard against theft and maintain security of premises. Write reports of daily activities 
and irregularities, such as equipment or property damage, theft, presence of unauthorized persons, or unusual occurrences. Answer alarms and investigate disturbances.
Education
Falls Church High School
American School of Correspondence High School
Certifications/Licenses

CompTIA A+

December 2017 to Present