Doctor's Assistant

Midland, TX
Work Experience

Doctor's Assistant
Paradigm Physical Therapy -
Midland, TX

November 2017 to Present

I follow the doctor &amp; take notes when he is seeing new patients. I schedule new &amp; returning patients, I run insurance to make sure their benefits are still eligible, &amp; send out prescriptions to patients referral doctor.

Unit Clerk / PCA
Midland Memorial Hospital -
Midland, TX

May 2017 to Present

My duties as a unit coordinator includes patient charges, ordering patient/nurse supplies, printing patient census, answering phones calls, scheduling outpatient appointments, & scheduling follow up appointments. 
My duties as a PCA include getting patient vitals, setting up inpatient & outpatient rooms, helping with diaper changes, taking patients to the restroom, & help with bathing if needed.

Unit Clerk / PCA
Continue Care Hospital -
Midland, TX

September 2016 to December 2016

My duties as a unit Clerk included using a computer to document physician orders, preparing patient treatment charts, updating patient information, & discharging patients. 
 
My duties as a patient care assistant included helping patients with bathing, showering, grooming, and other personal hygiene tasks.

Pawn Broker
Cash America pawn -
Midland, TX

November 2015 to July 2016

Estimates pawn or pledge value of articles, for example jewelry, cameras, and musical instruments, and lends money to customer: Examines article to determine condition and worth. Weighs gold or silver articles on coin scales or employs acid tests to determine carat content and purity to verify value of articles. Inspects diamonds for flaws and color, using loupe (magnifying glass). Assigns pledge value to article based on knowledge of values or listing of wholesale prices. Rejects articles in unsatisfactory condition or having no pledge value. Issues pledge tickets and keeps record of loans. Computes interest when pledges are redeemed or extended. Sells unredeemed pledged items

Sales Associate/Customer Service
Woods Boots -
Midland, TX

May 2011 to July 2011

Responsibilities 
Unpacked boots, stocked boots, organized clothes. 
 
Accomplishments 
I learned a lot about customer service, being friendly. 
 
Skills Used 
social skills
Education
Coleman High School Midland, TX

2011 to 2012
Certifications/Licenses

Basic Life Support (BLS)

September 2016 to September 2018