Associate Restaurant Manager
Restaurant Manager

Parma, OH

To achieve a fiscally responsible P&L through total restaurant management.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Associate Restaurant Manager
Perkins Restaurant and Bakery -
Middleburg Heights, OH

June 2014 to Present

Responsibilities 
Responsible for assisting the general manager to achieve a fiscal P&l for a busy 24 hour casual dining restaurant. 
 
Accomplishments 
Working rotating shifts at a busy 24 hour, 3 million dollar per year airport location, Perkins Restaurant and Bakery Casual Dining Restaurant, I am fully trained in front and back of the house to run a successful restaurant in the absence of the GM.

Site Manager
Stor-Kwik Self Storage -
Euclid, OH

February 2008 to May 2014

Real Estate/Property Management 
 
Supervises property staff to ensure excellent customer service standards are met in all aspects of the business. 
Manages all facets of daily operations through effective planning and utilization of company resources to maximize net income while controlling expenses per the corporate P&L. 
Develops and promotes new business through telephone calls, collection calls, with existing tenants suggesting the refer-a-friend program, and marketing campaigns. 
Top 3% district wide for full price rentals, move ins over move outs, occupancy increase over last month and previous year, number one company wide for insurance penetration on existing tenants at 80% currently insured on the property.

Assistant Store Manager
Rite Aid Pharmacy

February 2005 to December 2008

Retail 
 
Total store management in both pharmacy and front end with sales of 4.2 million per year. 
Certified Pharmacy Techician; script count 300 per day. 
Responsible for timely completion of all Planograms, recalls, prices changes, logistics of inventory, and staffing of both the front end and pharmacy in a high volume retail store.

Marketing Manager
The Panera Bread Company/Covelli Enterprises

June 1999 to June 2005

Restaurant/Food Services 
 
>As the sales guru and marketing visionary the the helm of what has since strategically and steadfastly catapulted into a muti-million dollar business, personally accountable for all facets of operations (Assistant being promoted to General Manager, and Marketing Manager), conceptualizing, implemenenting, and directing activities, programs, and initiatives that will increase the company name exposure, generate new corporate sales, and position The Panera Bread Company a step ahead of the competition. 
 
>Identify opportunities in the marketplace and spearhead new sales programs, promotional events, incentive contests, and radio/TV/direct mail campaigns to increase profitability, improve overall client satisfaction and/or cultivate strategic allances and collaborative business relationships with corporate executives, local business owners, and Chamber of Commerce representatives throughout the community: 
>Developed and implemented a vastly-popular Card Carrying Program for Pharmaceutical Representatives throughout the Greater Cleveland Area, encouraging and rewarding Reps to select The Panera Bread Company as their first and consist choice when purchasing lunch and dinners products for their accounts at doctor's offices. 
>Set-up and maintain accounts with Chefs at high-end restaurants and hotels in need of additional, outside bakery services for their particular in-house corporate events, weddings, and other catered events. 
Created a highly visual and successful Executive Boxed Lunch Program for Anderson Coach and Travel;repete with cloth napkins for executive traveling to their business accounts from Cleveland to Pittsburgh via Anderson Coach following the 9-11 tragedy and the cancellation of corporate flights. 
>Meet with Panera Bread district managers and general managers to market and merchandise individual Panera stores in accordance with each stores's particular community demographics. 
>Starting out in operations I understand the Panera Bread concept, and customer service orientated approach to motivating the best people in the industry, to cost controling inventories to marketing the concept to increase sales.

General Manager
Brueggers Bagel Bakery

June 1996 to June 1999

Restaurant/Food Services 
 
Upon consistently demonstrating a desire to ensure corporate integrity and the provision of exceptional customer service at all level of running a Brueggers Bagel Bakery, was promoted to develop, coordinate, and present the corporation's formal Certified Management Training Program for all new general, assistant, and shift managers for new and existing Bruegger's retail stores; selected, set-up, and presented the training program at the Fairlawn location- one of the company's busiest, high volume branches. 
>Enlightened and enhanched Bruegger's management staff on a myraid of topics critical to the success of developing high-caliber personnel and effective business operations, including Cultural Diversity, Leadership& Team Development, and Confict Management, among others. 
>This all encompassing role entailed: total profit and loss accountability; inventory control; staff training; ensuring adherence to quality control measures; customer service; and problem solving. Hired, trained, scheduled, coached, and set expectations for a staff of full and part time employees, including bakers. 
>Implemented and enforced company store policies and procedures to ensure the highest level of quality service and store cleaniness. 
>Identified consumer demographics, tastes, and needs; evaluated effectiveness of new/existing specials/products merchandised to ensure the right marketing mix for each assigned store location. 
>Throughout endeavors in management with this corporations, embraced every opprotunity to open new store locations and transform underdeveloped, challenging store locations in productive, profitable units.

Area Manager
Building Services Unlimited -
Cleveland, OH

June 1993 to June 1996

Construction - Residential & Commercial/Office 
 
>As an Area Manager with this established company specializing in commercial and industrial office/building cleaning, was ultimately responsible for not only ensuring professional, timely, and through customer service while maintaining maxium profitabilty for the business, but also for securing and developing new business throughout the downtown Cleveland area 
>Hired, trained, and scheduled, motivated, and oversaw a staff of 50+ dependable, trustworthy individuals, including area managers and utility workers. 
>Oversaw and coordinated the provision of specialized, systematic nighly cleaning services to 60+ corporate accounts throughout downtown Cleveland, including banks and vast multi-floor business buildings 
>Maintained open communication with each client to identify any issues or potentially-problematic areas of concern that may affect customer loyality; provided immediate, amiable and cost-effective solutions

Assistant Retail Manager
The Finish Line -
Mentor, OH

June 1989 to June 1993

Retail 
 
> Increased sales at the Mentor store 23% over LY in the first six months. 
 
>Developed a team approach to selling, and develop key employee to promote and become valuable assets to the company. 
 
> Responsible all areas of inventory, training, and customer service.
Education

Bachelor's in Psychology
Elmira College Elmira, NY

1993
Additional Information

SKILLS 
PowerPoint Intermediate