Software Engineer
Principal Software Engineer

Mesa, AZ

Capable System/Software Engineer/Technical lead with strong embedded development, integration and problem solving skills in the missile flight test/integration, telecommunication, wireless, avionics fields with expertise ranging from board level kernel device drivers, to middleware, services and apps to automated test frameworks.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Software Engineer
Red Canyon Software -
Mesa, AZ

October 2017 to Present

Software development for Robotic Show animatronics platforms. 
I worked on platform/core software, fixing bugs and adding functionality requested by show groups. Embedded Linux/Beckhoff Platform, utilitizing ethercat/CAN bus technology.

Sr Principal Software Engineer
Raytheon Missile Systems -
Tucson, AZ

May 2013 to Present

Responsibilities 
Leading a team of developers delivering software for Virtual Operational Missile for System Integration and Test on critical flight test and weapons systems integration and prototyping. 
 
Accomplishments 
- Critical support of Missile/Launch/Weapons System Integration for successful first Controlled Vehicle Flight test 
- Investigated/solved critical missile integration issues. 
 
Skills Used 
Cost Account Manager (EVMS) 
- Managed team and resources, planning schedule and budget 
 
Technical Lead (Requirements, Test Plans, VDD) 
- Wrote, reviewed, requirements capture in DOORS 
- Lead Agile development , experience with both Scrum Master and Product Owner 
- Mentored junior engineers 
- Lead Criticial Design Review, Test Readiness Reviews, Test Data Reviews, etc 
 
Software Developer (C++/VxWorks/Linux/Windows/Python) 
- Rhapsody design work 
- C++ object oriented development/unit test 
- Matlab analysis/scripting with Telemetry Data  
 
Integration & Test  
Customer Site Test Support. 
Customer Liasion, onsite integration support 
 
target hardware/devices 
PPC 460

Software/Systems Engineer
Jack's Engineering Services/Geco Inc -
Mesa, AZ

July 2017 to October 2017

Wrote System/Software Requirements for FACE Army Aviation Demonstration program (SANR software defined radio demonstration) and developed FACE data models using MTF modeling tool from Vanderbilt.

Embedded Software Engineer
General Dynamics Mission Systems -
Scottsdale, AZ

January 2016 to July 2017

software defined radio development for rescue radio platform...blue force tracking 2.5 bft waveform development. 
embedded linux..windriver yocto 
rational team concert..agile..im6x target...uboot. 
integrated .iridium hdk 9523 core development.. 
hms jtrs radio development

System/Software Engineer
Honeywell Aerospace -
Albuquerque, NM

August 2012 to February 2013

Key Contributions: 
 
Played key system/software engineering role to the project analyzing customer specs to write software requirements(SRS), develop detailed design (SDD) and Software Test Plan(STP) including test scenarios for International F15 configurations. This enabled the USAF and International configurations to proceed in parallel during the Requirements and Design phase in order to meet contractual milestones. 
 
Played key software engineering role developing, integrating and debugging BSP device driver for GigE Marvell switch chip. Working with hardware engineers, isolated packet data corruption issue to a missing part on the board. New part fixed the issue. Developed network ping test to verify connectivity between all boards/cores through the switch. 
 
Targets/Devices: PowerPC PowerQuicc 8548, PPC 8 core P4080, Marvell Prestera 98DX163 GigE Switch, SRIO Switch TSI578, Fibre Channel 
RTOS/Tools/Apps: ClearCase, ClearQuest, DOORS, Vxworks 6.9, Workbench 3.3, Doxygen, WindRiver ICE IIm JTAG debugger, Doxygen (html for detail design) 
Languages: C/C++, PPC assembly, bash scripts

JTRS HMS Manpack type 1 radio Developer/Tech Lead
General Dynamics C4 Systems -
Scottsdale, AZ

April 2007 to August 2012

Key Contributions: 
 
Technical Lead: 
 
As a technical lead I was responsible for design oversight, development, engineer assignments, integration and debug of key components of the platform infrastructure. 
Developer/Problem Solver 
 
As a developer I solved a critical problem with the radio's default network USB stack's interface reliability. The USB network stack was unreliable for network communication, hanging up and dropping out after a short period of time. I managed to isolate the issue to a USB protocol issue and we eliminated the dropouts. 
 
I designed, developed and tested a packet based DMA streaming SPI to SPI interface to provide a more reliable, higher throughput communication mechanism between the 2 channel processors for voice and network data interoperability (crossband) on the radio. This crossband interoperability between waveform protocols was a key customer discriminator for the radio and my implementation solved critical reliability and throughput issues 
 
I developed Posix compliant device drivers that were key platform components: 
USB/Network Stack (CDC Ethernet model); USB Mass Storage device; Advanced  
Infosec Machine (AIM) (t1 hw encryption) packet interface 
 
Custom serial device drivers (422, 232, sync/async) including implemention of an  
asynchronous messaging based interface over the serial UART providing multiplexed  
communication with the HMI (radio control and display) and the Serial Interface Unit (SIU)  
for serial interface control, Crypto Keyfill device driver (SKL,DTD) 
 
I was the 'go to' technical software guy for any Serial Interface Unit (SIU) issues. 
 
I was a key contributor to solving voice quality audio issues (audio codec, vocoder, etc) prior to multiple radio deliveries on HMS Manpack.  
 
I configured the ORBExpress Corba Library transports to correctly interface with JPEO SCA compliance tool. 
 
I developed a virtual Human Machine Interface (HMI) that emulated the actual HMI using Tcl on the developer workstation. It connected to network sockets/ports on the radio to allow external user inputs (keypresses) to the radio and display data out to the virtual HMI. 
I was called on for solving the toughest network problems (e.g. routing, net drivers, etc) , waveform/platform memory leaks, and other tough realtime issues. 
 
Target/Devices: GPP processor: Marvell XScale Monahans PXA320 ARM, DSP : Blackfin Family 
RTOS/Tools/Apps: Green Hills Integrity, ClearCase, ClearQuest, Interpeak network stack, ghnet2 stack 
Languages: C/C++, PPC assembly, bash scripts, Tcl, Java

Consultant/Specialist Product Expert and Software Development
General Dynamics/VertexRSI; Jack's Engineering Services LLC -
Gilbert, AZ

March 2006 to April 2007

Gilbert, Az/Longview Tx 
 
Project: R2600 Mobile/Cell Communications Analyzer 
 
Role: Consultant/Specialist Product Expert and Software Development. 
 
Key Contributions: 
 
Product Specialist 
 
As a product specialist with experience and skills relevant to the produce, I was recommended and called specifically to assist in the product upgrade. 
 
I was one of 2 engineers on the project and we were both working remotely. In one year we successfully: 
Redesigned the core architecture host/dsp, ported the host and DSP software to a new  
processors (Freescale Coldfire/Motorola DSP 56321), combined three separate  
host/dsp wavefrom 'slices' into a single host slice and developed a 'software' loadable  
waveform infrastructure to allow users to select one of 3 waveforms (Astro Secure, Astro  
Trunking or APCO P25 Common Air Interface) to use for protocol testing. 
 
Ported the IMBE Vocoder binary library to the new architecture 
. 
Assured that the Customer met their key product marketing/delivery milestone. 
 
Target/Devices: GPP processor: Freescale Coldfire; DSP: Motorola DSP 56321. 
RTOS/Tools/Apps: Motorola Coldfire/gcc toolchains, DSP563xx Tasking Tool chain, Subversion, crossview debugger 
Languages: C/C++, coldfire assembly, motorola dsp 56321 assembly

Software Development Lead
Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC) -
Scottsdale, AZ

March 2005 to March 2006

Project: Army Land Warrior Project  
 
Role: Software Development Lead 
 
Key Contributions: 
 
As lead I acted as technical liasion to General Dynamics (Integrator) , participated in CCB, met with US Army customer to address key issues. 
 
I played an instrumental role in developing initial Formal Sofware Requirements with the customer. 
 
I was one of 3 members of the CSC CCB, approving technical change requests and allocating work. 
 
I authored the Software Version Description document that provided the customer with valuable information regarding the Land Warrior platform and application functionality. 
 
Target/Devices: GPP processor: ARM Xscale processor  
RTOS/Tools/Apps: Red Hat Linux (embedded mods); linux toolchains/tools; Desktop x86 cross compiled compatibility; QT framework; 
Languages: C/C++, Xscale ARM assembly

Lead/Staff Engineer, Project Engineer
Geco, Inc -
Mesa, AZ

March 2001 to March 2005

Mesa, Az 
Projects: Various projects with Honeywell, Motorola, Boeing Customer 
Role: Lead/Staff Engineer, Project Engineer 
Key Contributions: 
As Project Engineer for Geco I lead a team of 15 engineers from Geco in a critical 'burndown' of change requests (CRs) and Problem Reports (PRs) for Honeywell BCAS(now Aerospace) in order to meet their DO178B certification milestones for Embraer, Dassault, Bombardier and Gulfstream Business jets for the EPIC Flight Displays product. I managed technical system and software assignments, resources and schedule, led team meetings, addressed key technical issues, solved system PRs, and developed software fixes and tests for the Primary Flight Displays OpenGL formats. Geco received a formal letter of commendation from the customer for our work. 
As Lead Engineer for Geco to Boeing, I was asked to consult along with the Geco team on critical issues with Boeing's Apache Helicopter displays. These critical issues were causing random resets and data corruption for the Apache displays and the US Army was considering grounding and doing a hardware upgrade on the fleet. 
The first critical issue was a data corruption issue that was isolated to a procesor/memory upgrade.The Geco team devised an object module level fix and I acted as integration lead and automated test/verification developer of what became known as the Geco 'Aquila' fix. 
The second critical issue was a spontaneous reset of the flight displays due to a sudden reset of the Graphics Processsing Unit (GPU); the Geco team analyzed the issue, and a workaround was devised to prevent the issue from occurring, saving the customer (BOEING) and the Army millions of dollars. Geco received a formal letter of commendation from Boeing for this work. 
As a lead engineer on the EFW Integration Station Geco project, I developed critical LabWindows software for serial and gigabit ethernet interfaces as well as went to customer site (EFW/Plano, Tx) to support delivery and debug/fix issues that the customer raised. 
For the Geco Blue-Green Boeing Project, I wrote requirements for , performed trade study to select vendors, designed and developerd a 1394 Firewire driver for the Retiga camera under VxWorks. Geco delivered the platform and camera software and received a commendation from Boeing for this project. 
As a Geco staff engineer I pioneered the reliable, secure, remote collaboration infrastructure to allow Geco engineers to work remotely and become more productive. I setup the initial ssh, CVS, VNC infrastructure for the Geco team. 
While at Geco I also developed BSPs for PPC G4 7410, developed an Avionics DO178B level A Discrete I/O driver for the Apex project that ran on a Blackfin BF535 DSP under Micro/Cos OS, ported the Land Warrior demonstration software running under QT to LynxOs, Linux and GHS Integrity, and developed an upgrade for Vitesse's Gibabit Ethernet simulator. 
Target/Devices: Various PPC processor, Intel x86, ARM processors, Blackfin BF535 DSP 
RTOS/Tools/Apps: DEOS, Linux, LynxOS, Windriver VxWorks, GHS Integrity, Micro Cos; QT framework;CVS, SVN, Perforce 
Languages: C/C++, Ada, Tcl, Bash, PPC Assembly,

Developer
Object Computing, Inc -
Tempe, AZ

November 2000 to March 2001

Key Contributions: 
Participated in design reviews, developed test code and problem fixes for the Realtime Event Channel on the Aspira project. 
Conducted porting study/ported ACE/TAO to High Availability Motorola Computer Group Platform. 
Target/Devices: PPC processors, MCG 8216 server platform 
RTOS/Tools/Apps: CORBA 2.2 Orb, Linux OS/Toolchain 
Languages: C/C++, Perl

Mobile Communication Tester
Motorola -
Scottsdale, AZ

June 1999 to November 2000

Role: Software Developer 
Key Contributions: 
I designed and developed the Board Support Package (BSP) for the new display processor board (PPC 823) under VxWorks. 
I developed the LCD flat panel display driver in C++ for the EPSON SED1355 LCD graphics chip. 
I developed the flash software driver and application code for flash for the display processor board.

Software Developer
Iridium Satellite Payload Digital Special Test Equipment (STE) -
Chandler, AZ

June 1996 to June 1999

Key Contributions: 
I developed the software scripting test language for the IRIDIUM Digital Test Equipment and trained the Payload software team on it's use. I received an 'Outstanding Achievement Award from the project. 
Worked on development of max call processing test scenario to verify maximum load capability of Iridium satellite software to verify call capacity of system.

Software Developer
R2600 Mobile Phone Communications -
Scottsdale, AZ

September 1994 to May 1996

Key Contributions: 
I developed the control, displays for the base analyzer and protocol software for the Cellular, Astro, MPT1327, MIRS slices. 
Target/Devices: PPC 823, 68000, 68040, HC11; Motorola 68040, Solaris Sun. VME/VXI , Correlis instrument cards; 
RTOS/Tools/Apps: VxWorks, Tornado, HP-UX development env, hp emulator; psos, Sun Solaris Unix environment 
Languages: C/C++, Tcl, Assembly

Software Developer
Honeywell Commercial Flight -
Phoenix, AZ

June 1987 to September 1994

Key Contributions: 
Developed Perf/Aero FMS Performance database from Engine/Aero models for A320; developed/tested Performance, Vertical Guidance FMS and MCDU Software for A320/A340/MD11. 
Flew on MD11 flight test in support of new Performance Software upgrades. 
Targets/Devices: SDP 175/SDP 185 , MCDU 
RTOS/Tools/Apps: DEOS, PVCS 
Languages: Pascal, SDP assembly, shell scripts

Software Developer
Boeing -
St. Louis, MO

August 1984 to June 1987

Key Contributions: 
Developed software for AV-8B Mission Computer, flight controls (SAAHS) and weapons computer. 
As part of the flight controls team and weapons computer team, solved critical A/C issues with the new composite wing; this included departure resistance rolloff and ejection velocity algorithm to adjust bomb stick spacing errors due to wing flexure. Received McDonnell Aircraft Presidents Award for Flight Control work. 
Relocated as part of proposal team to work LHX Helicopter Proposal for Army; developed system requirements and protoype LHX displays (Ada/Phigs) 
Targets/Devices: McDonnell Douglas Mission Computer, Honeywell Flight Control Computer, 8051 microcontroller  
RTOS/Tools/Apps: Intel Develoment workstation 
Languages: Assembly /Pascal /Ada
Education

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
Missouri State University Springfield, MO

1980 to 1984
Additional Information

Over 20 years as an system enginer, software developer and technical leader in the commercial and military embedded real-time software industry. 
 
Proven experience in all phases of software life cycle from proposal through requirements and software development to verification, validation, manufacturing and customer support. 
 
Broad, in-depth experience designing debugging device drivers, bsp's, tools, apps and services for embedded systems. 
 
Varied application experience in telecommunications , wireless (RF), commercial and military avionics, ground soldier support systems and software defined radio (JTRS). 
 
Experience and proficiency with various Real-time OS with Green Hills Integrity, VxWorks, Linux, LinuxWorks, psos, micro-cos, others 
 
Out of the box technical problem solver with a breadth and depth of experience that enables me to understand where to look for solutions to real-time issues such as memory leaks, priority inversion, interrupt/kernel panics, memory pipeline and timing, dma, resource deadlocks and tackle the most challenging hardware/software/systems issues. 
 
Specific Skill Set: 
 
Requirements: DOORS, ReqPro, Word, Excel 
 
Design: OOD, UML, Rational Rose, Rhapsody, Powerpoint, Crystal, Whiteboard, napkin, SASD/Waterfall 
 
Languages: C/C++, Ada, Various Assembly, Tcl/Tk, Perl, bash/csh/ksh/sed/awk shell scripting, xml, UML, Labview, Lab Windows, HP-Vee, Labview, Labwindows, 
 
OS: VMS, Unix, Linux, Windows, Psos, VxWorks, Green Hills Integrity, DEOS, Micro Cos. 
 
Targets: PowerPC, ARM, Blackfin, 68000, Coldfire, DSP, 8051, SDP-185, Intel 486 Display Processor, PowerPC PowerQuicc 8548, PPC 8 core P4080, Marvell Prestera 98DX163 GigE Switch,SRIO Switch TSI578, Fibre Channel 
 
Stacks: Interpeak TCP Stack, GHNET2 Network Stack, Mindready 1394 stack, Linux network, USB CDC ethernet model 
 
Misc: DO-178B, CORBA, 2167 Process, 1394 Firewire, 1553 Bus, GSM/CDMA protocols, MPT1327, ITM/LAP-D, SCA, USB SCSI 
 
Areas of Expertise: Displays, Avionics, Flight Management, Flight Controls, Telecom, Wireless, RF, Middleware, Software Defined Radio, Network OSI layers, protocols, mesh networks