Software Consultant
Software Consultant

Walker, LA

Experienced Technical Support committed to maintaining cutting edge technical skills and up-to-date industry 
knowledge. Further, have a real compassion for customer satisfaction, extremely patient, and highly 
experienced and successful with resolving customer needs remotely. 
 
Client-focused Software Engineer with more than 9 years designing innovative applications and achieving high 
client satisfaction, including periodic call-backs to insure client satisfaction.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Software Consultant
Cyrious Software -
Baton Rouge, LA

April 2008 to August 2017

Established compatibility with third party software products by developing program for modification and integration. 
Developed and implemented complex Internet and Intranet applications on multiple platforms. 
Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements. 
Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes and patch sets for existing web applications. 
Ensured network, system and data availability and integrity through preventative maintenance and upgrades. 
Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, reports and access. 
Designed strategic plan for component development practices to support future projects. 
Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all production work orders. 
Managed creative projects from concept to completion while managing outside vendors.

Technical Support Representative
Cyrious Software -
Baton Rouge, LA

March 2007 to April 2008

Addressed and resolved customer product complaints empathetically and professionally. 
 
Gathered and verified all required customer information for tracking purposes. 
Defused volatile customer situations calmly and courteously. 
Accurately documented, researched and resolved customer service issues. 
Mastery of customer service management systems and databases. 
Referred unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation. 
Managed high call volume with tact and professionalism. 
Initiated operations improvements to improve overall call center productivity.

IT Support
Mirarca Custom Fabrication and Ironworks -
Denham Springs, LA

July 1996 to March 2007

Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements. 
Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes and patch sets for existing web applications. 
Ensured network, system and data availability and integrity through preventative maintenance and upgrades. 
Provided documentation on start-up, shut down and first level troubleshooting of processes to help desk 
staff. 
Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, reports and access. 
Streamlined and enhanced the corporate accounting and operations system. 
Designed strategic plan for component development practices to support future projects. 
Independently designed and executed company catalog for infrastructure support and development. 
Aligned office departments and increased inter-department communication and data sharing. 
 
Recommended network security standards to management. 
Monitored network performance and provided network performance statistical reports for both real-time and historical measurements. 
Managed firewall, network monitoring and server monitoring both on- and off-site. 
Recommended architectural improvements, design solutions and integration solutions.
Education

High School Diploma
Louisiana Technical College
Skills
backups (10+ years), Coding (5 years), Data backup (9 years), Excellent communication skills (10+ years), maintenance (10+ years)
Certifications/Licenses

Comp-TIA A+

September 2006 to Present

Passed the software portion well over 80 %, hardware over 90% correct.
Additional Information

SKILLS 
Bilingual (Spanish, English 
Excellent problem-solving abilities 
Data privacy applications 
Network maintenance 
System upgrades 
System backups 
Data backup and retrieval 
Product templates 
Technical specifications creation 
Network upgrades 
Remote access technology 
Excellent communication skills 
Coding and modularization 
Excellent diagnostic skills 
Refined system debugging skills 
Website maintenance