IT Systems Administrator
IT Systems Administrator - Purchasing / IT / Shipping

Holland, MI

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

IT Systems Administrator
Purchasing / IT / Shipping -
Holland, MI

August 2003 to Present

Holland, MI 
August 2003 to Present 
 
More than 10 years' experience in several areas of this Signage manufacturing company. In my main role, I 
am in charge of Purchasing, where I work with Aluminum Extruders, Anodizers, Fabricators, Finishers, and 
Acrylic manufacturers. I have sought out new and local vendors, yielding a savings of $20k/yr. for the com- pany. I also work with the Engineering department on Product Development and Sourcing that has led to 
better quality and lower inventory. 
 
IT Systems Administrator, where I personally built every computer and server company wide, over several 
Generations of hardware and software. I oversaw the upgrades of the outdated dial-up internet and phone 
systems; DSL, Bonded T1, and more recently, the Holland BPW fiber network. I also implemented an inex- pensive VPN solution that allowed many to work remotely. 
 
Shipping / Receiving is an area that I was able to organize down to a part time position. I worked with 
FedEx, UPS, and the USPS to get the best rates for customers, while creating a profit source where previ- ously the company absorbed transportation costs.

Customer / Technical Service Specialist
IMC Holdings -
Grays Lake, IL

January 2001 to January 2003

My responsibilities included providing technical support for aerial lift equipment, sweeper/scrubbers and peo- ple mover machines. I helped customers to identify and then source replacement parts. I was also tasked with configuring and maintaining a Microsoft Access database that was used to keep record of all the quotes, orders, and finances. I did all the shipping and receiving to customers worldwide and I cataloged 
new products as they came in. I regularly kept in contact with customers to offer promotional items and ser- vices.
Education

Associates in Computer Networking and Systems Administration
ITT Technical Institute Grand Rapids, MI

2006 to 2010
Skills
INVENTORY (10+ years), NETWORKING (10+ years), TECHNICAL SUPPORT (10+ years), CNC (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information

Skills 
 
Problem Resolution, Organizational Skills, Research, Computer Repair, Creative Thinking, Teamwork, Pur- 
chasing, Inventory, Group Facilitation, Communications, Invoicing, Customer Service, Technical Support, 
Data Entry, CRM, ERP, Logistics, Networking, Windows, Negotiation, Manufacturing, Sourcing, CNC, Laser 
operation