Software Developer
Software Developer - Financial Software Solutions LLC

Houston, TX

Sponsorship required to work in the US
Work Experience

Software Developer
Financial Software Solutions LLC -
Houston, TX

August 2016 to Present

Gained technical and finance domain knowledge in the process of enhancing the software used by U.S. Bankruptcy trustees. Got expertise building software using various Microsoft technologies. 
● Played effective role as a full stack web developer working on UI using knockout.js, jQuery, CSS3, HTML5 and AJAX calls through jQuery to increase the responsiveness of the website. 
● Used MS SQL Server database for data storage using ADO.Net, Entity framework, LINQ and Web services using RestAPI. Data CRUD operations were done through stored procedures, Views, cursors and triggers. 
● Developed word merge reports using RTF templates, PDF reports with Crystal reporting, Word reports with Open XML through which Trustees can view case information during 341 meetings. 
● Analysed the flow of data into various tables of database whenever a migration of customer takes place in/out of the software. 
● Developed a chat web page to allow users to communicate, share contacts, documents and pictures. 
● Engineered client server validations for more than 20 web pages utilizing Knockout.js, JavaScript, jQuery, and MS SQL, reducing server load due to user HTTP requests by over 30%. 
● Optimized speed of SQL database queries by more than 15% through refactoring them to reduce complexity.

Technical Specialist (Student Technician)
University of Houston Clear Lake -
Houston, TX

January 2016 to August 2016

Worked on student portal improving the search functionality using jQuery, PHP and MYSQL to help students in searching different courses offered in respective disciplines. 
● Designed web interface for guest users using AngularJS, JavaScript, jQuery, PHP, HTML5, and CSS3 enabling prospective students to submit their contact information.

Software Engineer
Value Labs -
Hyderabad, Telangana

February 2013 to July 2015

Developed Payment gateways for SpiceJet airlines to integrate transactions with PayTm, Yes Bank and ICICI bank internet banking during booking. Analysed different response codes to alert the customer with the status of transaction. Used encryption algorithms while sending data to and from payment gateways. 
● Worked on seat selection using Navittaire framework, XSLT and Xml serialization. Developed web pages for selecting special service requests like meals, extra baggage etc using ASP.Net MVC 4, AJAX, WCF, C# and jQuery. 
● Developed an application to generate Itinerary in PDF format and send emails using WCF, MSMQs and Concurrent Threading. 
● Integrated website with Like and Tweet features of Facebook and Twitter using developer accounts. 
● Created multiple UI's including search functionality to narrow down different search options while selecting electronic products in e-commerce application using cascading drop downs, jQuery, Ajax and LINQ.
Education

Master of Science in Computer Science in Design and Analysis of Algorithms
University of Houston Clearlake

December 2016

Bachelor of Technology
JNTU

May 2012
Skills
JavaScript, Knockout.js, AngularJS, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, ASP.NET AJAX, XML Serialization, VB.NET, ASP, ASP.NET, ASP.NET MVC 4, ADO.NET, Entity Framework, LINQ, XSLT, XML, C, Java, C#, Microsoft Word reports using Open XML, Merge Reports using RTF Templates, PDF Reports, Crystal Reporting, MS SQL Server 2008 - 2012, SQL, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Cursors, Web services, WCF, RestAPI, T-SQL, Visual Studio 2010 – 2017, Git, SVN, TFS. (4 years)
Links

https://www.linkedin.com/in/saikiran-s-77b605a2