Restaurant Manager
Retail & Restaurant Manager

Spokane, WA

I am an extremely qualified, motivated, and driven individual with 10+ years in sales and customer service, 5+ of which managing, as well as over a year in the financial industry. I am excellent at servicing all of the customer’s needs, learning new products quickly, up-selling, cross-selling, setting team goals, reaching and over exceeding company goals and performing all other management duties. I am extremely efficient with all computer/POS systems, very well organized, and am ServSafe certified. I work my best under pressure and believe I would thrive in your business’ environment. I have a natural ability to lead a team and am familiar with working long shifts including mornings, nights, weekends, and holidays. I have my degree and certifications in Business Management and have managed teams of 50+ in buildings with 2,500 person occupancy. I am ready for something new, and to have the opportunity to work in a place with a productive business environment, growth opportunity, and good people to help me grow and achieve various goals as an employee.  
I am looking for a career, not a job.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Restaurant Manager
Village Inn - Restaurant

February 2017 to November 2017

Duties: Full restaurant management responsibilities, interviewing, hiring, training, firing, opening/closing building, 10-12 hour shifts, marketing, promoting, sending and receiving mail, inventory, food orders, setting and reaching team goals, handling cash and credit card transactions, answering phones. 
Reason for leaving: Moved

Personal Banker & Team Leader
Wells Fargo

July 2015 to July 2016

Duties: Establishing personal accounts and credit products such as credit cards, lines of credit, loans, and home equity lines of credit. General sales and customer service, online setup, processing of daily reports and all financial operations, training new staff, opening/closing the building, handling cash & credit card transactions, Word and Excel experience, full accounting functions, answering phones, sending and receiving mail, & preparing and analyzing financial statements. 
Reason for Leaving: No true growth opportunities & low bonus potential

Bar Manager
Richards Bar & Restaurant

January 2011 to January 2014

Duties: Manager of a team of up to 50 employees, building with 2,500 person occupancy, FOH floor management with sales & customer service, training, scheduling, opening/closing building, handling cash & credit card transactions, working the front door & handling entry fees, setting all team goals, full accounting functions, answering phones, sending & receiving mail, preparing & analyzing financial statements. 
Reason for leaving: Moved
Education

Associates in Business Management
Front Range Community College

August 2014 to May 2016

Certification in Business Management
Front Range Community College

August 2014 to May 2016

High School Diploma in ServSafe Certified
Jefferson Academy Private Charter School

May 2008
Skills
Sales and Customer Service (10+ years), Committed to guest service, Ability to lead by example, Work extremely well under pressure, Determined to overachieve in all situations, Great multi-tasking skills, Prime team player, Experienced, motivated, and driven, Great at setting, and over exceeding company goals
Additional Information

I always make sure to keep the customer service my number one goal and to provide clear and thorough answers to questions about our options to customers. I am flexible with my schedule and always have reliable transportation. Working at all previous jobs, I grew accustomed to managing, leading, and handling hundreds of customers &amp; employees daily, all while managing &amp; maintaining control of my team of staff on duty.