IT Specialist
Business Management, Finance, Sales

Fresno, CA

My goal is to perform and grow in the banking and financial industry as a professional Financial Advisor, Consultant, Analyst and Investment Banker. Business Management, Administration, Consulting and Sales areas are where I can showcase and share my talents, expertise, knowledge, and education. I specialize in Business Management, Sales, Information Systems, IT Systems and Network administration and analysis.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

IT Specialist
Clovis Community College Center/IT Department -
Clovis, CA

2012 to 2015

• Perform as an IT technician and provide systems and network administration. 
• Administer and apply computer concepts, computer troubleshooting, operating systems, and computer security. 
• Computer building, configuration, networking, Microsoft Windows Server, 
Web Server IIS, Active Directory, Group Policy, Cloud, and Virtualization.

F.S.S. Coordinator
Ultimate Staffing/Fresno Housing Authorities -
Fresno, CA

2008 to 2009

• Provide professional support to families in pursuit of goals towards family self-sufficiency and development. 
• Outreach and market the Family Self-Sufficiency Program 
• Perform case management, counseling, training and coaching for clientele in LIPH, low-income public housing. 
• Represent FHA and programs to the community.

CEO, Management
The Holland Group, LLC -
Pleasant Hill, CA

2007 to 2008

• Managed an investment company. 
• Real estate investing, trading, and business management.

Rehabilitation Technician
Rehabworks -
Fairfield, CA

2005 to 2007

Provide physical and occupational therapy to patients in skilled nursing and rehabilitation facility.

Office Manager
Holy Cross Ministries -
Fresno, CA

2002 to 2005

• Assisted with reservation and hospitality duties during conferences. 
• Coordinated and scheduled conferences, retreats, and venues. 
• Provided database management.

Employment Program Representative
Employment Development Department -
Oakland, CA

2002 to 2002

• Interpreted and applied laws, policies, and precedent decisions consistently to individual cases. 
• Resolved all eligibility issues for claimant's unemployment status.

Interactive Banking Email Representative
Bank of America -
Concord, CA

2001 to 2002

Provided high level of customer services through online banking and telephone.

Front Desk Associate
Marriott Hotel -
San Francisco, CA

1999 to 2000

• Provided customer service and hospitality for a wide range of guests. 
• Acted as an ambassador for the brand, hotel, sales, and tourism.

Manager of Health and Fitness Center/ Athletic Department
Franciscan University -
Steubenville, OH

1997 to 1998

• Managed daily operation needed to maintain a balance facility. 
• Organized activities for athletes, students, staff, and community. 
 
Telemarketer/Telecounselor for Graduate Admissions 
• Handled client correspondence and promoted graduate studies. 
• Assisted students, alumni, and prospective students in areas of academia. 
 
Graduate Assistant for Executive Director of Finance 
• Provided marketing, research, and administrative support for department. 
• Assisted students with educational grants, loans, tuition, and student aid. 
 
Hobbies/ Interests/ Extracurricular: 
• Computer skills, excellent communication skills, a people person, and a great team player. Competed in Varsity Sports, tournaments, and high level sports leagues. 
• Basketball Player, Athlete/Sports Specialist, Actor, and Martial Artist/Shotokan Karate. Enjoy all sports, entertainment, travel, culinary arts, acting, and technology.
Education

Certification in Information Systems. IT computer system and network administration
Clovis Community College Center Fresno, CA

B.A.
University of San Francisco San Francisco, CA

M.B.A in Semester
Franciscan University of Steubenville Steubenville, OH
Certifications/Licenses

CompTIA A+