Assistant Restaurant Manager
Assistant Restaurant Manager - Cardinals Nation Restaurant and Bar

St. Louis, MO

I look forward to a Management position at an established company 
that will allow me to fully utilize my seven years of management experience as well as further 
my knowledge. In addition I would like to utilize my experience in 
sincere guest relations, serving passionately and improving service progressively to ensure 
recurring business while maintain a respectable image of my employer.
Work Experience

Assistant Restaurant Manager
Cardinals Nation Restaurant and Bar -
St. Louis, MO

March 2014 to Present

I am an Assistant Restaurant Manager while focusing on the Bar Department. While 
managing the bar department my duties include staffing, ordering, inventory, training, 
scheduling, coaching, liquor logs, portion control and sanitation standards. I am 
responsible for over $1.3 million in annual alcohol revenue. While managing the restaurant my duties include writing floor charts, service recovery, coaching and training. 
I manage a bar staff of 21+ employees and supervise restaurant staff of 100+ employees. 
I assist with payroll, accounts payable, human resources admin duties and banquets.

Assistant Restaurant Manager
Krieger's Restaurant -
Mount Vernon, IL

September 2007 to March 2014

My duties included ordering for both the bar and kitchen, bar and kitchen inventory, 
scheduling, payroll, hiring, coaching, portion and quality control, and service recovery. 
I would frequently bartend, serve and cook as needed. I was hands on with any task and would assist any position as needed.
Education

Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville

May 2013

Associates in Science
Rend Lake College

May 2010
Additional Information

SKILLS 
• I have worked in all areas of the restaurant including serving, bartending, managing, ala 
carte and banquet kitchens. 
• I am able to manage a department and assume all departmental responsibilities. 
• My computer skills include MICROS, Excel, Word, Outlook and PowerPoint.