Restaurant Manager
Restaurant Manager - Shanks Restaurant

Brockton, MA

Would like to start with a new company that is able to offer a chance to grow inside that business. Some where I can learn and continue to grow professionally each day I step into the building.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Restaurant Manager
Shanks Restaurant

October 2016 to Present

Started as a bar tender, and when they fired their manager of their restaurant they approached me with the opportunity to take that job. They asked me to first a business page for them and to promote the business in positive ways through social media. Our social media page has done phenomenal work for us. Was In chage of 15-20 staff along with making schedules and holding meetings. Taking inventory. Counting money handling settlements and recipes along with purchase orders. Since starting our business page we have had the company's most successful months ever to date.

Financial Advisor
New York Life

August 2015 to October 2016

Sold insurance products, and mutual funds. Job was heavily sales oriented and solely commission based. Really enjoyed the job at first was very successful, but commission based gets frustrating at times. Putting in numerous hours on cases to then have clients walk away.

Wine Salesman
Café Europa

April 2014 to April 2015

Sold fine wines for a very small company only about 8 employees. Did well wanted to take on more of a role and more clients I was instructed to stay where I am. Once I realized I could not move or advance with the company I choose to leave.

Sales Associate Flooring
Lowes

October 2013 to April 2014

• Was a seasonal employee originally, but helped a couple build and set up a patio my first week which led to a 15,000 dollar sale. After that I was offered a part time sales job which the flooring department. 
• For numerous weeks finished top 3 in sales while only working there part time

Site Coordinator
East Bridgewater YMCA

September 2007 to September 2013

• Was hired as a School aged after school care teacher, was quickly promoted to senior group leader. Shortly after that promoted to site Coordinator. 
• As site Coordinator I was in charge of scheduling for the staff. A long with being responsible for 40-60 kids a day and over 300 for summer camp. I was in charge of discipline of staff, and children. Had to keep records of children in the program and keep up to date with each licensing for each teacher and the program. Had to train staff each year along with running monthly staff meetings 
• Won employee of the quarter after my first year, Counselor of the year my first year there.
Education

Associates
Bridgewater State University Bridgewater, MA
Skills
PROBLEM SOLVING (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information

Skills & Abilities 
Very well spoken. Excellent communication skills. Hard working and self-driven. Above average social media skills ex.( Twitter, facebook, Linkedin). Get along great with others always willing to work towards a common goal with others. Good problem solving skills, and I do not get thrown off by change.