Restaurant Manager
Restaurant Manager

Dix Hills, NY

Customer centric, team oriented restaurant. Educational background includes business operations, 
accounting, and marketing. Extensive restaurant and food service experience. Aspires to manage a 
successful restaurant operation. Maintain food, retail and customer service experience. Organized 
detail-oriented, and hard-working with training in food-handling. Deliver orders quickly, take requests, 
and maintain dining area in a clean and neat fashion.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Restaurant Manager
Alfredo's Pizzeria and Restaurant -
New York, NY

January 2002 to November 2017

Schedule and direct staff in daily work assignments to maximize productivity 
Developed methods to establish and clarify customer objectives. 
Created market and customer-specific marketing solutions for managed brands. 
Efficiently resolved problems or concerns to the satisfaction of all involved parties. 
Optimized profits by controlling food, beverage, and labor costs on a daily basis. 
Performed restaurant walk-throughs to gauge timeliness and excellent service. 
Initiated negotiations regarding vendor contracts and kept update records of contract. 
Consistently monitor restaurant and take appropriate action to ensure food quality and service 
standards are consistently met. 
Wrote order tickets and proceed customer payments 
Answered telephone and in person inquiries. 
Package-to-go order items into bags place drink orders into carriers.

Server/Trainer
Delmonico's Steakhouse -
Las Vegas, NV

February 1999 to March 2001

Demonstrated genuine hospitality while greeting and establishing rapport with guests. 
Guided guests through menus while demonstrating thorough knowledge of the food, beverages and ingredients. 
Maintained table settings by removing courses, replacing utensils and refilling beverages promptly and courteously. 
Assertively upsold alcoholic beverages, appetizers and desserts. 
Delivered quality service by providing a warm and welcoming environment. 
Effectively listened to, understood and clarified guest concerns and issues. 
Maintained complete knowledge of restaurant menu, including daily specials. 
Upheld highest standard for cleanliness of glass and silverware. 
Quickly set up and cleared tables and stocked all service stations. 
Skillfully promoted items on beverage lists and restaurant specials. 
Quickly recorded transactions in MICROS system to deliver prompt service. 
Assisted co-workers whenever possible. 
Developed and maintained positive working relationships with others to reach business goals. 
Precisely described menu items and special offerings and appropriately identified wine pairings. 
Verified cash drawer against the day's receipts. 
Proactively prepared for large parties and reservations, anticipating planning and staffing needs. 
Followed all safety and sanitation policies when handling food and beverage to uphold proper 
health standards.
Education

Bachelor of Science in Business
University of Phoenix Tempe, AZ

2002
Skills
Budget (Less than 1 year), Inventory (Less than 1 year), Mentor (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information

Skills 
 
Budget Administration Inventory and Supply 
Staff Development Nassau County Food Handlers Certificate 
Team Leadership Proficient Cook 
Revenue Generation Trainer and Mentor