Instructional paraprofessional
Instructional paraprofessional - State College Area School District
Work Experience

Instructional paraprofessional
State College Area School District

2016 to Present

working with learning enrichment students in mathematics and science. Practiced various teaching methods; applied those that best serve the students and 
readily adjusted to changing environments and classroom settings.
Basalt Middle School - Roaring Fork School District -
Basalt, CO

2015 to 2016

Bilingual instruction of multiple 8th grade mathematics and Pre-Algebra classes. Incorporated 
creative teaching techniques including math manipulatives and hands-on experiments to instruct a wide range of learners and worked individually with students to meet their goals. 
Responsible for student advisory and intervention math classes as well as handled all daily 
classroom duties.
Green Woods Charter School -
Philadelphia, PA

2008 to 2015

Philadelphia, PA - 2008-2015 
 
Multi cultural instruction of multiple grade levels (5th, 6th, 7th and 8th) of mathematics. Taught 
using differentiated instruction with a variety of topics from general mathematics to Algebra. 
Designed and implemented numerous student evaluations and assessment tools. Maintained the daily preparations and running of the classroom. Responsible for student achievement and success.

daily duties of the teacher
Lower Merion School District -
Philadelphia, PA

2006 to 2008

Philadelphia, PA - 2006-2008 
 
Long term substitute positions in biology, astronomy, environmental science, and general 
science along with day to day positions in multiple subjects and grade levels. Facilitated all 
daily duties of the teacher.

Field Assistant
Hawkwatch International -
Salt Lake City, UT

2002 to 2002

Volunteered conducting field research in raptor migration during the spring migration for a 
non-profit organization.

Aquatic Biologist
Newport Aquarium -
Newport, KY

2001 to 2002

Specialized in the care of emperor and gentoo penguins, and maintained the orderliness of the aquarium.
Education

Graduate Certificate in Applied Statistics
Penn State University, State College

2017

Masters of Science in Education
Duquesne University Pittsburgh, PA

2005

Bachelor of Arts in Zoology
Miami University Oxford, OH

2001