Student Teaching Smithfield Elementary School
Student Teaching Smithfield Elementary School

Allentown, PA

• Dedicated, ambitious and goal-driven educator with an innate ability to appreciate and 
inspire children. Possess a positive and effective teaching style with the willingness to work 
above and beyond the call of duty. Devoted to inculcate model behavior and mannerisms in 
the students by self-example. Effective communicator and resourceful teacher with proven 
ability to enhance students' performance promising to shape a better world for the students 
and empower them with knowledge.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Student Teaching Smithfield Elementary School

October 2016 to December 2016

Student Teaching TBA

Student Teacher

August 2016 to October 2016

• Developed innovative semester lesson plans and practical application exercises for the classroom. 
• Maintained pleasant learning atmosphere in class - Established and reinforced standards of behavior. 
• Designed, developed and implemented daily lessons for 20 students 
• Tailored educational curriculum to students with a range of learning styles, disabilities, 
strengths, and weaknesses. 
• Planned and implemented a Student Learning Objective (SLO) project.

PDS Student
Primary 2 Smithfield Elementary

January 2016 to May 2016

PDS Student
Primary 1 Smithfield Elementary

September 2015 to December 2015

Nanny/Tutor
College Nannies and Tutors -
Allentown, PA

July 2014 to July 2015

• Worked with students to develop and implement a personalized learning experience by taking and working on feedback. 
• Created and implemented a proactive plan of support in sync with students' specific learning 
objectives. 
OTHER EXPERIENCES

Nanny
Remy Household -
Allentown, PA

January 2014 to August 2014

Successfully designed and implemented age-appropriate curriculum for 2 home-schooled 
students aged 1 and 4. 
• Achieved 100% parents satisfaction level in year 2014.

Retail Associate
Kohl's Department Store -
Trexlertown, PA

August 2011 to August 2014

Maintained strong interpersonal skills resulting in exceptional rapport with people. I was 
able to deal courteously, professionally, and tactfully with the general public in a variety of circumstances.

Internship Fountain Hill Elementary School

December 2013 to January 2014

• Evaluated students to determine their eligibility for full-day kindergarten. 
• Enriched students' learning environments by incorporating short history, art and literature 
lessons into original curriculums. 
RELATED EXPERIENCES
Education

B.S. in Early Childhood Education PK-4
East Stroudsburg University

2016

A.A.S. in Early Childhood Education
Northampton Community College

2013
Skills
Microsoft Office (8 years), Public Speaking (5 years), Leadership Development (3 years)
Awards

NAEYC Lehigh Valley Award

February 2013
Certifications/Licenses

Kid Writting